---
title: 2025-04-07

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-03-31

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Room 1.33,inside guild village, near venture
- Time: 17:00



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _1710_

Present: Freya(Treasurer), Kat(President), Alec(OCM), Rory(OCM), Aidin (Vice President), Izzy (OCM)

Apologies: SAM(OCM), Nicolas Hasleby(Secretary)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Participate in Tech Clubs Quiz Night
- FOR: 4, AGAINST: 1, ABSTAIN: 1
    - Passes

## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)

- ERF accepted by guild, Guild access mail has been sent out


- Westpac meeting at Subiaco
    - Freya, Aiden, Ekaterina to go
- We will be attending tech clubs quiz night
    - Subcommittee: Ekaterina, Rory
- Update on ERF (Executive Registration Form)
    - Katya's ID and Guild Access emails
    Take 10 minutes for the executive committee to process the invite, if they haven't yet
- Update of the Preposition of Cybersecurity, even a collaboration event with UCC
    - Workshop for Sem 1, and Panel for Sem 2
    - Stage: communication with ECU to define the specific date and time
    - Covered by SPG
    - Assignment: creating a Discord chat with 2 people from PCS, 2 from UCC and 2 from RR
- Appointment with WestPac at Subiaco Branch on 21st April, 10 am
    - Executive 2025 attendees list: Aaron, Chris
    - Executive 2025 attendees list
    - ACTION: follow up on the minutes to make sure that they satisfy requirements by the bank, for example: use of full legal names
    - Action: Going through [Adding signatory to association - required by WestPac.pdf] and prepare that documentation for handover


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Ate peanut butter protein bar during meeting
- Booked room SPAR 2.
- Attended SPAR 2.
    - Adversing for SPAR 2.
- Hosted competitive programming workshop for three students.
- 

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- nothing to report.

### Treasurer's report (Freya :3)
- waiting for westpac meeting
- currently getting tutored by Gary of UCC on project grant submissions
- Talked to UCC about collaborative things (workshop and panel)

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- thinks offloading labor to others is a great idea <3 [he's right]

### OCM's report (Alec)
- stole Rory's job :(((
- Email Dax and Jin about CITS2006 project.
- Attended SPAR 2
- Went to PCS Training.
- Server considerations
    - We should talk more in the server
    - Reduce number of channels to encourage people to talk more
- We should advertise next training/competition at each one

### OCM's report (Issabelle)
- Reached out to IMC, let them know July 5th Competition.

### OCM's report (Sam)
-  nothing to report


## Events

### SPAR 2
Attendance: 3
- Attendance was terrible.
- Thing for next SPAR:
    - Do not book the circle.
    - Post more advertising. i.e. Repeated advertisement, word of mouth, talking with people more.


### SPAR 3

- Post more advertisements.



## General Business

#### Workshops

- Create summaries after trainings, post in announcements.
- Attach learning content to the next workshop.
    - eg "learn c", "learn about turing machines"
- Direct people to resources eg the prog comp handbook

#### Evil Club Carnival

- Guild proposes creating an evil club carnival (Unsanctioned by UWA) to 

- MOTION: Participate in Evil Club Carnival
- FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 1
    - Passes

#### PCS x UCC: Cybersecurity
- Katya will make another chat to discuss the details of the events with UCC.


#### Westpac Handover

- Keep record of files, nominating 
- MOTION: to remove old westpac signatories and add new executive comittee as signatories:
    - Removal:

    - Addition:
        - Freya Andromeda.
        - Ekaterina
- FOR: 6, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes Unanimously


#### Locker Inspection

- One member of committee is required to attend locker inspection and reallocation on the 9th April.

#### Marketing

- Marketing is required.
- Alec, Izzy, Katya will be on the team marketing team.


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION - @Sam - Nominated to create an announcement for SPAR 09.04, similar to 02.04
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President)  - Nominated to sort the requirements for SPAR 02.04 which include posting to two friendly servers, and to discord and facebook, then push this to CS/DS. Find out who will be curating the competition: Gozz, Max or Tim?
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} Lead UCC collaboration discussions and EMAIL WestPac


## Action Items
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  @Rory (Fresher Rep)  - Nominate for subcommittee Tech Club Quiz night
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer}  @GrimRabbit (President)  @Aidin (Vice-President)  - 21st April, Monday 10AM Attend Westpac meeting handover - Subiaco Branch Westpac.
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer}  - prepare documentation for bank account handover
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer}  - discuss Special Project Grant with UCC in regards to the coming Cybersecurity event that is held with ECU + Confirm guild documentation for SPG
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  will make another chat to discuss the details of the events with UCC.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - clean out locker and sign physical tenancy agreement.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  @Alec (OCM)  @Izzy (OCM)  - Look after marketing for the events. This includes addition on PCS Facebook, PCS google Calendar, PCS Discord Announcements.
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer}  - set up PCS email to redirect to PCS@PCS.org.au.
- ACTION - @Izzy (OCM)  - Add our PCS events to PCS google calendar.
- ACTION - @Alec (OCM)  - Post IMCS Quant Masterclass in â sponsors.
- ACTION - @committee  - Read SocPac meeting three.
- ACTION - @committee - Read through minutes to ensure integrity.
- ACTION - @committee  - Organize PCS participation in evil club carnival that is evil
- ACTION - @Marketing Leads Summarize trainings and attach relevant resources for next workshop and Add learning resources to announcements after each workshop
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Confirm that the Discord chat with 2 people UCC + RR + PCS for cybersecurity event is created


## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _18:00_

### Digressions: 

_talked about the ethics of the lecture bashing ban_
