---
title: 2025-04-28

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-04-28

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: The Place Near venture 
- Time:3:03 PM



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: __

Present: Aidin(Vice president), Kat(President), Alec(OCM), Izzy(OCM), Rory(Frsher Representative)

Apologies: Freya(Treasuere)

Absent: Sam(OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions


## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)

cyber security - 30 present
Workshop - 50 signed up
- The president is more dead than alive, but so are the most of you (I assume)
- Access to Guild Website for executives 
- Contacting guild with ERF and all executives IDs to check if the ERF has actually been processed
- Bank Appointment update
- - Date and Time- 12th may of 10 AM
- Instagram and Facebook Necromancy 
- - Who - Aidin has been posting on facebook,
- - What - Instagram is still neded to be promoted
- - When - Soon, when you can

- DOCPAC on 29th at 5 pm Social Sciences
- - Who - Rory, Nic, Kay, Aidin

### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Emailed Guild on tables, will email venues aswell.
- Attended Thursday workshop. No-one showed up.

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Nothing to report
### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Nothing to report

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- Attended Thursday workshop. No-one showed up.

### OCM's report (Sam)
- Nothing to report

## Events

### For future events 
-For future events, come up with a way to ensure 1st, 2nd, 3rd places can be easily destinguashable to minimise people complaining, - I.e. create Strict rules that contestants must follow to earn the final prize money.
- Tie breaker question to sort out draws
-  Leet code easy question 
-  If you see someone 'cheat' or something, be confident and formal, what you say goes!

### Socpac - 29th April:

- Come and attend at 6!


## General Business

### Appointment confirmed - Westpac
Ekaterina has called westpac and confirmed an appointment for 12th of may 10 AM on monday

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President)   contact guild if we are permitted to borrow/buy a trussel table, And if we are able to pitch the club at a stall monthly. Or another way if possible. DOne
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) Put Canva password on Bit Warden  - DUE on 28th of APRIL Done
- ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} a Refund Money Kat spends on canvas from PCS money Done
- ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  - @Rory (Fresher Rep) Create 2 slides.  slide one shows a Registration form that include a discord link for people to join us WHich is VERY important. And a second slide that shows how we run weekly workshops that do ... and  ... and ...(So like summarize what they can expect), and how we will run a Post exam CTF competition.  and that we run weekly competitive programing competitions. . 
- - Do before the 23rd of APRIL event, this should be able to be put at the end of the cyber seurity event and during lunch break. Done 
- ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  Post Cyber security announcement on discord before the 23rd. that Has already been pre-prepped Done
- ACTION -  @Aidin (Vice-President) @Izzy (OCM) @GrimRabbit (President)  Advertise Thursday workshop as a study group instead of a 'workshop' for Thursday night - make/Post announcement on discord whenever you can before Thursday event. Done

- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) give Rory access to PCS canva account - NOT DONE

### Action Items
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) give Rory access to PCS canva account
- ACTION - @Adidin Post venture Hackaton on Facebook and try and make Posts different from Each other/stand out. Use discord posts as a base
- ACTION - @Marketing - Post on instagram and events, try and make Posts different from Each other/stand out. Use discord posts as a base
- ACTION - @Rory Give Ekaterina president role on discord
- ACTION - @everyone come up with ideas for rules and regulations to reduce the chances of draws . And how we can handle them in the future. For example if we see two people work together, Enforce that the money is either split or not given. Due to it being aginst the rules
- ACTION - @rory @Ekaterina @Nic @Adidn Socpac - 29th April at 6pm! please attend
-ACTION - @eveyrone, get ready for next SPAR on 26th MAY
## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _15:43_

### Digressions: 

_talked about discord_
_15:26 Ekaterina closed the door_
_talked about 4 sum_
_are you socialist_ 
