title: minutes:2025-07-19

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-07-19

## Venue and Time:
- Venue:  Online Meeting
- Time:  15:00



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _15:06_

Present: Aidin (Vice President), Ekaterina (President), Alec (OCM), Izzy (OCM).

Apologies: Freya (Treasurer), Nic (Secretary).

Absent: Sam (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No circular motions


## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- Nothing to report

### Vice President's report (Aidin)

- SPAR 5;
    - Attended SPAR 5.
    - Catered for SPAR 5.
- Contacted IMC on sponsorship money.
- Renewed VentraIP for one year.
- Attended mutliple AllUni meetings.
- Recieved AllUni Jane Street merch for contest on the 2nd.

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Fixed Signup for the PCS website. THE GOAT
  
### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Nothing to report

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Sam)
- Nothing to report


## Events

### SPAR 6
- Happening on 30/07/2025
- Catering Budget needs to be allocated, and we need to decide on what to cater.
- Posting of advertising.

## General Business



## Previous Action Items

- ACTION - @Izzy (OCM) , @Rory (Fresher Rep)  - Post Spar 6 advertisement for the IMC competition, on Discord, Instagram and Facebook
- ACTION -  @Izzy (OCM) , @Rory (Fresher Rep) - Put posters for SPAR 6 in designated zones and print thank you.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Create another booking and change the date for SPAR 6 IMC competition on EMP for Guild before the 17th.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) - Update the registration from for SPAR 6 IMC competition for guilds insurance.
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President) , @Alec (OCM)  - Renew the ventraIP Australia domain name as the expiry date is coming.
- ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  - Log into guild account as and few past EMPs, And then, Before the 20th, There will be a finished EMP for the August event

### Action Items

- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President), @Aidin (Vice-President) - Send announcement for SPAR 6 to Discord, Aidin do discord.
  

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _15:34_

### Digressions: 
