---
title: meeting 2025-07-08

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-07-08

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 16:00
- Time:  Online



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _14:15_

Present: Nic(Secretary), Rory(Fresher Rep), Izzy(OCM), Ekaterina 

Apologies: 

Absent: Aidin (Vice President), Sam(OCM), Alec(OCM), Freya(Treasuerer)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No circular motions
- FOR: 8, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes




## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- No report


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Nothing to report

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Nothing to report

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Sam)
-  Nothing to report


## Events



### SPAR 6 IMC competition 
- happening on 30/07/2025
By the 20th July, marketing needs to be done for Spar 6, 
- Includes poster, Online posts, Discord posts and other online announcements. Instagram, Facebook

- Print out 40 coloured posters put a half in ezone, a half in computer science block and a third in - Stamp everywhere, Bathroom !!! men a woman!









## General Business


- Renew the ventraIP Australia domain name as the expiry date is coming.





## Previous Action Items

ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Email the 3 people who have signed up to the IMC competition that it has been moved to the 30th of july SPAR 6 (due to lack of competitors) and replaced with a standard SPAR
ACTION - @Izzy (OCM)  make a post (discord)  publicly explaining the issues that the club faced that makes it difficult to hold this event at this current time. A rough guide is (We will still hold the programming day without a cash price on campus if you are interested, but from here the date of the IMC competition with the cash prize has been moved to SPAR 6 on the 30th of july, excited to see you!"), And then show this to other executives.
ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  Create a rough simple rule sheet to follow a step by step process to ensure all event announcements go through a process that prevents this kind of sitation from re-occuring ( specifically Cash prize, lack of club flexibilit while trying to maintian positive light) !Contingency plan! and Ensure Public Posts go through a level of scrutiny as listed by the simple rule sheet. This is to show at next meeting for Executive member discussion.
ACTION - @committee  Attend Small standup meeting on the 29th to discuss the IMC event
ACTION - @committee Note At the 29th meeting, agree on goal, type of events that we hold, way we obtain members, and how we should steer this club.
ACTION - @Freya (Treasurer)  @Budget $70 for catering at SPAR 5. 5th of july.
ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) , Message IMC about the changing of the date. Apologise for the inconvenience.

### Action Items
- ACTION - Izzy, Rory - Post Spar 6 advertisement for the IMC competition, on Discord, Instagram and Facebook
- ACTION - Rory, Izzy - Put posters for SPAR 6 in designated zones and print thank you.

- ACTION - Ekaterina - Create another booking and change the date for SPAR 6 IMC competition on EMP for Guild before the 17th.

- ACTION - EKATERINA - Update the registration from for SPAR 6 IMC competition.

- ACTION - Aidin, Alec - Renew the ventraIP Australia domain name as the expiry date is coming.

- ACTION - NIC - Log into guild account as and few past EMPs, And then, Before the 20th, There will be a finished EMP for the August event

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _16:37_

### Digressions: 

