---
title: meeting 2025-11-23

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-11-23

## Venue and Time:
- Venue:  ONLINE
- Time:  2 PM



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _14:10_

Present: Nic (Secretary), Alec (OCM), Aidin (Vice President), Izzy (OCM), Katerina (President)

Apologies: 

Absent: Rory (Fresher Rep), Friya

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to suspend Hunter from participating in PCS events/activities until the next General Meeting.
  - For: 5, Against: 0, Abstaining: 0
  - Passes




## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- No report


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- AllUni Maged.
- AuDa & Synergy Wholesale;
    - Continued correspondence with Synergy, they have since discontinued the pcs.org.au domain.
- ASN domain setup:
    - Added the ASN domain to MailerSend, Cloudflare.
    - Updated some DNS records for its zone file.
- Observed SOCPAC. 
- Retrieved Marquee from Gozz. 

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- No report

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- No report

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- No report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Started hosting weekly group sessions.

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- No report 

### OCM's report (Sam)
- No report 


## Events

## General Business

### 2026 AllUni Problem Setting
- Problem setting for Alluni 2026 has already begun.
- Do we want to participate in AllUni 2026.
- Is anyone willing to problem set? - Undecided

### MONEY BOX
 - Freya did not arrive to the meeting.
 
### PCS Website:
- The second cloudflare outage of the year, No effect as the website was already down at the time.
- We've lost the domain, and will have to shift to pcs.asn.au, Does anyone have experience with live systems?
- Domain Migration, then rebuild frontend.
- Or rebuild frontend and then migrate domain.
- Change over from MailerSend to PostMark.


- Docker(kat might do) - using Traeffic (not many have experience) - Changing domain name (no longer org) - certpot to be used

### 2026 O-Day signup
- Friday 20th Febuary 2026.
- We should complete signup as soon as possible.
- Who can be in attendance.
- Perhaps a whiteboard with programming questions.
- Within a week host fresher welcome. - Try secure next year execs
    - Host AGM within atleast one week of the Fresher Welcome.


- Motion to signup to 2026 UWA open day stalls;
  - For: 6, Against: 0, Abstain: 0.
  - Passes Unanimously.




## Previous Action Items



### Action Items
- ACTION @Grim: Look into how the docker containers work for the website at current.
- ACTION @AIDIn: Signup PCS for 2026 open day 


## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _14:33_

### Digressions: 

Rory Joins 14:11
