---
title: 2025-04-14 

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-03-24

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Near Venture
- Time: _15:00_



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _15:13_

Present: Freya(Treasurer), Alec(OCM), Ekaterina(President), Nic(Secretary),  issabelle (OCM)

Apologies, Aidin (Vice President), Rory (Fresher Rep)

Absent: SAM(OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions



- Kat and Freya, to discuss budget for special project grant
- FOR: 4, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes

- Monthly stall that promotes member ship -game free food
- FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes
## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)


- Update of the Cybersecurity event collaboration with Red Room and UCC , 23rd April
-  - Waiting for president of UCC to respond(Gary) - Need it by tomorrow, Kat has tried to text and email.


- Reminder Appointment with WestPac at Subiaco Branch on 21st April, 10 am



- Sign off physical tenancy agreements and drop it off at the GSC
- Going through Locker Email
- UWA Tech Club Committee Quiz


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Nothing to report

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Did Masterclas thing - 16th April - posted Sponsors. 

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Sam)
- Nothing to report


## Events

### Cybersecurity Workshop and CTF competition, collaboration with Red Room, UCC and PCS

Date: Wednesday, 23rd April
Time: Afternoon (specific time to be confirmed)

### SPAR 3

- - Set for the 24th of may - 10 AM 


## General Business



### Monthly Store to Reel users in

-  Add a Codding competition thing to reel in users, Like breaking coding questions for food like (Print hello or set this as this) That shows users and their top scores, person with top score earns a prize (Another snag?)
-  Some sort of free food or drink that promotes engagement
- Show how Competative programming is fun with games

- - Speed Coding Challenge – Give participants a short problem (e.g., reversing a string, finding the largest number in a list) and reward the fastest correct solution.
- - Debugging Challenge – Provide a buggy Python snippet and see who can fix it the fastest.
- - Algorithm Trivia – Ask multiple-choice or short-answer questions about famous algorithms, data structures, or past competition problems.
- - One-Liner Code Challenge – Challenge participants to solve a simple problem in a single line of Python.
 Code Golf – Give a problem and reward the person who writes the shortest correct code.
- - Pin the tail on the bug - Izzys idea
- - 4 Different questions to solve, fast coding


##### When should we do this?
- 11pm-2pm? Time, 6th may Small barbecue



### Charity viguals
- - Set for 10-11th? of may maybe on the weekend
## Previous Action Items

ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) @Rory (Fresher Rep) - Nominate for subcommittee Tech Club Quiz night
ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} @GrimRabbit (President) @Aidin (Vice-President) - 21st April, Monday 10AM Attend Westpac meeting handover - Subiaco Branch Westpac.
ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} - prepare documentation for bank account handover
ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} - discuss Special Project Grant with UCC in regards to the coming Cybersecurity event that is held with ECU + Confirm guild documentation for SPG
ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) will make another chat to discuss the details of the events with UCC.
ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) - clean out locker and sign physical tenancy agreement.
ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) @Alec (OCM) @Izzy (OCM) - Look after marketing for the events. This includes addition on PCS Facebook, PCS google Calendar, PCS Discord Announcements.
ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} - set up PCS email to redirect to PCS@PCS.org.au.
ACTION - @Izzy (OCM) - Add our PCS events to PCS google calendar.
ACTION - @Alec (OCM) - Post IMCS Quant Masterclass in ⁠sponsors.
ACTION - @committee - Read SocPac meeting three.
ACTION - @committee - Read through minutes to ensure integrity.
ACTION - @committee - Organize PCS participation in evil club carnival that is evil
ACTION - @Marketing Leads Summarize trainings and attach relevant resources for next workshop and Add learning resources to announcements after each workshop
ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) - Confirm that the Discord chat with 2 people UCC + RR + PCS for cybersecurity event is created

### Action Items
ACTION - @Freya @Ekaterina  - discuss Special Project Grant with UCC in regards to the coming Cybersecurity event that is held with ECU + Confirm guild documentation for SPG

- ACTION- @Ekaterina Contact Guild regarding Names and contacts on our Guild page, as a well as the booking access for our execs

- ACTION - @kat - Message guild about updating our names on the guild club website - Freya prefers first and middle name
- ACTOIN - @kat - Create spreadsheet for PCS spending for cybersecurity workshop event on 23rd
- ACTION - @Aidin Reminder Attend Appointment with WestPac at Subiaco Branch on 21st April, 10 am
- ACTION - @kat To Sign off physical tenancy agreements and drop it off at the GSC By 5PM 14th April

- ACTION - @Alec - Create announcements and reminders for FOC and Competative Training Sessions and post to Discord. Due soon as FOC is on (17th) Push to our two servers that we are friendly with (NOT AI server) - 
- ACTION - @IZZy - make slides that contains that contains announcements - with logo - to show GOzz -  can be on Canva

- ACTION - @Marketing - THink about what can we add to our workshops to promote our events (Hey come to our workshop, we have...) Remind people about whats coming up for us.
ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer}  - set up PCS email to redirect to PCS@PCS.org.au. Do in early may.
- ACTION - @Kat @Aidin Review Facebook and instagram acounts for marketing and posting PCS content.
- ACTION - @comittee Consider availabilitys for  A monthly stall to promote PCS events and our club. - Conisder buying a table - The stall takes place 11pm-2pm? Time, 6th may Small barbecue
- ACTION - @kat Maybe, contact guild if we are permited to borrow/buy a table, And if we are able to pitch the club at a stall monthly. 


- ACTION -  @kat Put canvas discord on Bit Warden
- ACTION -  @kat Refund Money Kat spends on canvas  from PCS money
## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_:  _16

### Digressions: 

_talked about latvia_
