---
title: meeting 2025-05-26

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-05-26

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: _15:02_



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: __

Present:  Alec, Ekaterina, Nic, Aidin ,Rory

Apologies:  Izzy

Absent: Sam, Freya

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

GrimRabbit (President) 

Motion to reimburse Katya $40.5 x 3 = $121.5 for Canvas subscription since the 12 of March 

Motion to Reimburse Katya 
$43.20 + $83.20 + $43.20 = $169.60 for cybersecurity workshop prize money.

Motion to Reimburse Katya 
$75.90 * 2 = $151.80 for  cybersecurity workshop gift cards money.

Motion to Reimburse Katya 
$36 + 27.96 = $63.96 for  cybersecurity speakers' thank u cards and carry bags.

Total: $121.50 + $169.60 + $151.80 + $63.96 = $(506.86)
(Verdict was to reduce amount)To --> $175.76 <--

- FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes Unanimously

Motion to reimburse Nic, 16$ Ultimate favorites box for the  freedom festival
- FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes Unanimously

Reimburse Alec for pizza for SPARR $69.99
- FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes Unanimously



## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- Attended freedom festival
- No report


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Attended freedom festival

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Attended freedom festival

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Attended freedom festival

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Attended freedom festival

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Attended freedom festival

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- No report

### OCM's report (Sam)
- No report


## Events

### SPAR 5th of july
- Make room booking before the 8th.
- Contact IMC for the 5th of July SPAR 5.
- Will need to allow them to talk at the event.


### Cybersecuirty discussion
 - changing budget per speaker from $10 -> more?
 - $50 is too high pp

- We should discuss the reimbursment we are giving beforehand, 

- Speakers should be free or $10.
- Should distribute planning for future events

- Nics input - The speakers benefit by being able to talk about their projects and themselves i.e. payment on its own. 


## General Business


### SOCPAC Meeting 5
- When: 6pm Tuesday 27th of May 2025
- Where: Online on MS Teams & Face to Face - - - Social Science Lecture Theatre
- Who can attend?
- - 
- -
- -- WASNT DISCUSSED
- -



## Previous Action Items

WASNT DISCUSSED

### Action Items
- ACTION @thewitchandromeda  - Gather reciepts for all listed motions that were passed on the Posted Minutes (on github). From Nic, Kat and Alec
- ACTION - @snowshoehare book a room for SPAR 5, mail to booking website to book a room for 5th of july for SPAR 5  to be done between the 3rd and 8th of june.
- ACTION - @MarketingTeam @snowshoehare @.shmalec @_izzy22_  Perform marketing activities before the after the 9th of june, When you can after 5PM. (what is normally required)

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _15:31_

### Digressions: 


_It was noted that Ekaterina may have spent more than necessary on the cybersecurity event without prior consultation with the club. Specifically, an initial budget of $10 was considered, but $50 was ultimately spent on speaker-related costs. This decision appeared to be made somewhat hastily and without full communication._

_Alec and Ekaterina had a discussion regarding differing perspectives on the current state and size of the club-particularly whether it is growing or in decline-and whether it is financially prudent to allocate funds to speakers who volunteer their time._

_They also engaged in a constructive conversation about improving communication and planning for the club’s future direction._


