---
title: meeting 2025-06-23

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-06-23

## Venue and Time:
- Venue:  Online
- Time:  16:00



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _16:31_

Present: Ekaterina (President), Aidin (VP), Nic (Secretary), Alec (OCM)

Apologies: Rory(Fresher-Representative),  

Absent: Sam (OCM), Izzy (OCM), Freya(Treasurer)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions


## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- Contacted by Ash regarding a potential hackathon.
- Proposal posted in the committee channel – Humanitarian Hackathon for domestic violence victims.
- Need to follow up for specifics, including event planning deadline.
- planned for the second week of Semester 2.
- Could be a half or full day event.
- Consider how PCS can contribute.
- Mentioned GenVis as a worthwhile group to look into.

### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Sponsors updated with AllUni.
- Officially a problem setter for the event.
    - Attended AllUni Problem Setter Meeting.

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- Completed Discord Spar 5th post.
- Changed AllUni discord nickname.

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- Created Microsoft form for the next SPAR event.

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (Sam)
- Nothing to report.


## Events


### SPAR 6
- Alec to create poser.
- Rory completed the registration form.

- No additional notes.

## General Business

### SOCPAC 24/06
- Occuring the day after Meeting.
- Two members already actioned to attend.

### PCS Website issues
- Find issues with the PCS website.
- Action a member to address the issues.


## Previous Action Items


### Action Items
- ACTION - Nic - Send Aidin the Discord post you created.
- ACTION - Kat - Contact Freya and arrange to activate PCS debit cards with the bank.
- ACTION - Kat, Freya - Connect DigitalOcean and Canvas accounts to the debit cards.
- ACTION - Aidin, Nic - Pick up PCS mail from uni on the 24th.
- ACTION - Alec - Message Gozz about the website hosting situation.
- ACTION - Everyone - Assess the PCS website and suggest improvements (low priority).
- ACTION - Kat - Get a response from Rory by Tuesday 3PM regarding access; otherwise, create a new account.
- ACTION - Aidin - Order food for SPAR 5 after June 30, once the budget is confirmed.
- ACTION - Aidin - Book a room for the August competition.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _17:07_

### Digressions: 

_Bathroom break_
