---
title: meeting 2025-07-02

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-07-02

## Venue and Time:
- Venue:  Online
- Time: 18:00
 


## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _18:06_

Present: Kat(President), Nic (Secretary), Alec (OCM), Freya(Treasurer), Aidin (Vice President), Izzy (OCM)

Apologies: Rory (OCM)

Absent: , Sam (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions



## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- No report
 
### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- buying day old subway 

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- No report

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- No report

### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- No report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- Actively fixing pcs website

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- No report

### OCM's report (Sam)
- No report


## Events

### SOCPAC 6
- Updates are being made to the 'How to Club' manual.
- Club carnival - 29th July (Week 2, Tuesday)
- UWA Got talent:
    - Same day as Club carnival.
    - 20 Contestants.
    - General prizes 

### SPAR 5
- What should we do about the prize money.

- Katya - Move the 'sponsorship date' to the 30th.

- Not enough People actively playing or Invigilators.

#### Aidin section
- Remove IMC as a sponsor and remove the prize money for the saturday contest.
- Remove IMC as a sponsor and pay out the prize money for the saturday contest.
- Reasons for removal of IMC as the sponsor for this event:
    - No guarantee that students will show up, effectively providing IMC with no value. This is unfair to IMC as they are a generous sponsor and it would be disrespectful for us to continue with the sponsored event.
    - The lack of engagement could also mean prize money is directly funneled into the only students who show up.



- Motion to hanging The date of IMC competition to 30th of july.(SPAR6) And replacing the event with a regular SPAR (Due to lack of participants & Supivisors.)
Wednesday 10 am - 3 pm
    - FOR: 5, AGAINST: 1, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes.

- Motion to Budget $70 for catering at SPAR 5.
    - FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 1
    - Passes.

## General Business

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  - Send Aidin the Discord post you created.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Contact @Freya (Treasurer)  and arrange to activate PCS debit cards with the bank.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) , @Freya (Treasurer)  - Connect DigitalOcean and Canvas accounts to the debit cards.
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President) , @Nic (Secretary) - Pick up PCS mail from uni on the 24th.
- ACTION - @Alec (OCM)  - Message Gozz about the website hosting situation.
- ACTION - @committee  - Assess the PCS website and suggest improvements (low priority).
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Get a response from @Rory (Fresher Rep)  by Tuesday 3PM regarding access; otherwise, create a new account.
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President)  - Order food for SPAR 5 after June 30, once the budget is confirmed.
- ACTION - @Aidin (Vice-President)  - Book a room for the August competition.


### Action Items
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President)  - Email the 3 people who have signed up to the IMC competition that it has been moved to the 30th of july SPAR 6 (due to lack of competitors) and replaced with a standard SPAR
- ACTION - @Izzy (OCM)  make a post (discord)  publicly explaining the issues that the club faced that makes it difficult to hold this event at this current time. A rough guide is (We will still hold the programming day without a cash price on campus if you are interested, but from here the date of the IMC competition with the cash prize has been moved to SPAR 6 on the 30th of july, excited to see you!"), And then show this to other executives.
- ACTION - @Nic (Secretary)  Create a rough simple rule sheet to follow a step by step process to ensure all event announcements go through a process that prevents this kind of sitation from re-occuring ( specifically Cash prize, lack of club flexibilit while trying to maintian positive light) !Contingency plan! and Ensure Public Posts go through a level of scrutiny as listed by the simple rule sheet. This is to show at next meeting for Executive member discussion.
- ACTION - @committee  Attend Small standup meeting on the 29th to discuss the IMC event
- ACTION -  @committee Note At the 29th meeting, agree on goal, type of events that we hold, way we obtain members, and how we should steer this club.
- ACTION - @Freya (Treasurer)  @Budget $70 for catering at SPAR 5. 5th of july.
- ACTION - @GrimRabbit (President) , Message IMC about the changing of the date. Apologise for the inconvenience.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _18:42_

### Digressions: 

- Vice-President believes that the event should have remained sponsored as to keep our word to the signups._
