---
title: 2025-04-21 online

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2025-03-24

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: _15:00_



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _15:00_

Present: Freya(Treasurer), Rory(Fresher Rep), Ekaterina(President), Nic(Secretary), Aidin(Vice President),Alec (OCM), Izzy(OCM),

Apologies:

Absent:  Sam(OCM)

## Reports

### President's report (Ekaterina)
- Privacy files


### Vice President's report (Aidin)
- Posted events on Facebook.

### Secretary's report (Nic)
- nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Freya)
- Grant application on sunday submitted  - waiting for response - Done before the due date
- Westpac meeting cancelled 


### Fresh Rep's report (Rory)
- nothing to report

### OCM's report (Alec)
- nothing to report

### OCM's report (issabelle)
- nothing to report

### OCM's report (Sam)
- nothing to report


## Events
### Cybersecurity Workshop on 23rd of April
- Timetable
- -  time table is flexible - rough times from 20-40 minutes for each talker
- -  There are alot of presenters
- Make sure items that are there actually work - -power strip, lazer pointer, extension cord, 
- Cybsercirty workshop announcement for discord- do it on the day or before 

 


## General Business

### food for cybersecurity 
- Ekaterina Talked to Gary about buying subway  and cartoons of drinks - gary will bring an Eski with ice to hold the drinks. May arrive late - around lunch?

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION - @Freya @Ekaterina - discuss Special Project Grant with UCC in regards to the coming Cybersecurity event that is held with ECU + Confirm guild documentation for SPG - done

- ACTION- @Ekaterina Contact Guild regarding Names and contacts on our Guild page, as a well as the booking access for our execs - done

- ACTOIN - @kat - Create spreadsheet for PCS spending for cybersecurity workshop event on 23rd 

- ACTION - @Aidin Reminder Attend Appointment with WestPac at Subiaco Branch on 21st April, 10 am

- ACTION - @kat To Sign off physical tenancy agreements and drop it off at the GSC By 5PM 14th April

- ACTION - @Alec - Create announcements and reminders for FOC and Competative Training Sessions and post to Discord. Due soon as FOC is on (17th) Push to our two servers that we are friendly with (NOT AI server) -

- ACTION - @IZZy - make slides that contains that contains announcements - with logo - to show GOzz - can be on Canva

- ACTION - @Marketing - THink about what can we add to our workshops to promote our events (Hey come to our workshop, we have...) Remind people about whats coming up for us. ACTION - @Freya [Melinoe (TWA)]{Treasurer} - set up PCS email to redirect to PCS@PCS.org.au. Do in early may.

- ACTION - @Kat @Aidin Review Facebook and instagram acounts for marketing and posting PCS content.

- ACTION - @comittee Consider availabilitys for A monthly stall to promote PCS events and our club. - Conisder buying a table - The stall takes place 11pm-2pm? Time, 6th may Small barbecue

- ACTION - @kat Maybe, contact guild if we are permited to borrow/buy a trussel table, And if we are able to pitch the club at a stall monthly. - TODO

- ACTION - @kat Put canvas discord on Bit Warden - TODO


- ACTION - @kat Refund Money Kat spends on canvas from PCS money - TODO



### Action Items
- ACTION - @Aidin Maybe, contact guild if we are permited to borrow/buy a trussel table, And if we are able to pitch the club at a stall monthly.

- ACTION - @Grimrabbit Put Canva password on Bit Warden  - DUE on 28th of APRIL

- ACTION - @Freya Refund Money Kat spends on canvas from PCS money - 20th May

- ACTION - @Nic - @Rory slide one that shows a Registration form that include a discord link for people to join us WHich is VERY important. And a second slide that shows how we run weekly workshops that do ___ and ___ and ..., and how we will run a Post exam CTF competition.  and that we run weekly competative programing competitions. . 
  - Do before the 23rd of APRIL event, this should be able ot be put at the end of the cyberseurity event.

- ACTION - @Nic Post Cybsecurity announcement on discord before the 23rd event. that Has already been pre-prepped

- ACTION -  @Aidin @Izzy @Grimrabbit Advertise thursday workshop as a study group instead of a 'workshop' - thursday night - make/Post announcement on discord whenever you can before thursday event.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _15:44_

### Digressions:

_Freya left in 5 minutes_

_Izzy joins 15:12_

_Alec joins 15:30_

_Alec leaves 15:42_
