# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-08-17

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: EZONE 103
- Time: 6PM - 7PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:04PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM), Sophie (OCM), Gozz (IPPP)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent:

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Budget $24 DomJudge droplet on Digital Ocean
    - Passed unanimously
- MOTION: BUdget $3.66 to UWASCA for Charity Vigil
    - For 7, Against: 1
    - Passed.

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Booked room for ANZAC 5 (This Saturday) - CSSE 2.05 
- Attended Atlassian Tech Talk

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Did some final emailing to Atlassian
- Got Donuts + Merch for atlassian tech talk
- Got pictures of talk w announcement

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Attended Atlassian Tech Talk

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Made discord posts for Atlassian event, training session and ANZAC 5
- Went to Atlassian event

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Worked on setting up domjudge instance for practice contest
    - The instance itself is pretty much up and running (https://domjudge.pcs.org.au/), just need to do 2 things which I'll do tonight:
        - Fix judgedaemon to work over ssl
        - Upload problems and make contests
- Went to Atlassian event, took some marketing photos

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- FB + Insta post for Atlassian and Tuesday Training Sessions
- Attended Atlassian event.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Made certificates for this Saturday's ANZAC
    - ACTION @Sophie : Send certificates on marketing chat before Saturday, and print them tomorrow.

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.

## Events
### ANZAC 5 (This Saturday!)
- ACTION: @Sophie : Send certificates on marketing chat before Saturday, and print them tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Trung : Give prize money to Jesse tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang : Reminder on Discord, FB, Insta ab ANZAC 5
- ACTION: @Jesse : Get pizza on Saturday.

## General Business
### Atlassian Tech Talk Reflection
- James was happy with it, since Atlassian provided merch.
- Good attendence due to CSSE to advertise it on our behalf.
- Donuts didn't taste as good as James thought they would be.
- Workshop didn't have much engagement compared to the rest of the talk.
- James wants to send Atlassian photos to rep.
- ACTION: @Trung: Reimburse James for $79.90 donuts for Atlassian Talk. 
- Next time, ask one of the Atlassian engineers to come up with an interview question to discuss next year.
- Both reps for Atlassian are CFC old members. 
### Clubs Carnival Reflection
- Chaotic, not very good weather. 
- More people session after Clubs Carnival - next time, don't run advanced session following Club Carnival.
- Got 10> sign ups.
- Next time, have a few decorations or conversation pieces to stimulate engagement from passing people.
### Clubroom Discussion
- Jesse hasn't seen an application for clubroom allocation yet.

## Training Sessions
### Tuesday Training
- Next training session will resume at usual time at Tuesday 4:30PM. Jesse has spoken to Gozz about speaking at training session and it will be string alogrithm.
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang: Fb, Disc, Insta ab String Algo (Tries, Z-Algo) for next week's training session. 4-5:30PM, CSSE 1.24.
- The Tuesday training that happened today was deemed successful by Gozz.
### ICPC
- Max talked to James about the sign up instructions - ICPC website sign up and UWA form sign up.
    - James will f/up with regular ANZAC attendees to make sure that people are signed up properly.
        - ACTION: @James : F/up with regular ANZAC attendees to make sure that people are signed up properly.
    - Conor is having trouble with the sign up and James recommends that Conor message Max about sign up.
        - Conor let James know about convo with Max.

- ACTION: @Jesse : Make 2nd advertising post for ICPC and provide instructions on how to sign up.
- ACTION: @James : Email Max and Tim to confirm the instructions on signing up to ICPC. Make sure that once they've created their account on the icpc global, do they need to manually tell Max or Tim their usernames, or will that be conveyed through the form? 

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Book room for next week's ANZAC
    * Done
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep), @Sersang (OCM) ng : Make post (FB, Disc) for ANZAC 5
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) , @Sersang (OCM) : Make post (FB, Disc) for Atlassian Tech Talk
    * Done
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Email PayPal about verification
    * Ongoing; no reply from PayPal.
* ACTION: @sophie (OCM)  : Update calendar Event for next week's training session
    * Done
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) , @Sersang (OCM)  : Make post (FB, Disc) for next week's training session. Make note of the fact that it's taking place on the Thursday rather than Tuesday, but same time and same place.
    * Done
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer)  @Shalini (Secretary)  @Sersang (OCM) @sophie (OCM) : Write the entire PCS prospectus
    * Discontinued.
* ACTION @James F (Vice prez)    @Shalini (Secretary) @Sersang (OCM) @sophie (OCM) : Clubroom application
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  : Pick up food for Atlassian Tech Talk
    * Done


## Action Items
- ACTION: @Sophie : Send certificates on marketing chat before Saturday, and print them tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Trung : Give prize money to Jesse tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang : Reminder on Discord, FB, Insta ab ANZAC 5
- ACTION: @Jesse : Get pizza on Saturday.
- ACTION: @Trung: Reimburse James for $79.90 donuts for Atlassian Talk. 
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang: Fb, Disc, Insta ab String Algo (Tries, Z-Algo) for next week's training session. 4-5:30PM, CSSE 1.24.
- ACTION: @James : F/up with regular ANZAC attendees to make sure that people are signed up properly.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Make 2nd advertising post for ICPC and provide instructions on how to sign up.
- ACTION: @James : Email Max and Tim to confirm the instructions on signing up to ICPC.
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Email PayPal about verification
- ACTION @James F (Vice prez)    @Shalini (Secretary) @Sersang (OCM) @sophie (OCM) : Clubroom application

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:42PM

### Digressions: 
- Atlassian merch was <3
