# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-10-12

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 
- Time: 

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM), Sophie (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Shalini (Secretary)

Absent: Sersang (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to budget for Monash Intercollegiate Programming Competition
    - Passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Went to inter-uni coding competition, and also the MCPC. 
- Found the day for the MCPC and inter-uni coding competitions. 
- Reached out to previous committee about how sponsorship reachouts worked. 
- Sent prospectus to WiseTech Global. 
- Edited the clubroom application. 

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Reviewed wisetech prospectus + clubroom application

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Nothing to report

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report
- Apologies

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Helped review prospectus
- Lots of uni work this week, so no time to work on site

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Absent

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Nothing to report

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
### Monash + Inter-Uni Competition Reflection
- Just Jesse attended, and spent $15 on pizza :pizza: for himself. 
- Obviously attendence was poor, end of week 10 and very late announcement.
- Went very dodgy, may have dodged a bullet

### URC Study Night
- URC is interested, but AGM
- Just too slow to get this idea going, nope

## General Business
- Turning weekly into monthly until more events start to pop up on the radar

### Westpac Phone
- Alan was getting texts, now he won't

### Prospectus
- Turning our prospectus into a canva doc. Set hard deadline 2 weeks after exams.
- ACTION @Sophie (OCM) : Touch up prospectus in canva, after Jesse does some modifications

### Clubroom app
- ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) : Send the clubroom app

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  : Talk to Trung ab URC Study Night.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President) , @James F (Vice prez)  : Edit clubroom application.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Ask past exec members and emails to see how sponsor reachouts were done.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Find out dates for Monash and inter-uni programming competition.
    * Done

## Action Items
- ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) : Send the clubroom app
- ACTION @Sophie (OCM) : Touch up prospectus in canva, after Jesse does some modifications

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 16:29

### Digressions: 
