# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-12-07

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: EZONE 103/Online
- Time: 4:00PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 4:04PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Sersang (OCM), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No confirmations of circular motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Follow up with JourneyOne with sponsorship money - according to them payment has been made (17/11). But our account has not received the money. 
- Leave from next week, and James will be in charge. Returning 25/12. 
- Talking with rep from IMC.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Joined charity vig server - still being set up.

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Nothing to report. 

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Apologies.

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Finished website rewrite, need to now fix email integration
- Quick fix for now: enable 2fa and use app passwords
- Some more long-term fixes to work on: Google OAuth or external mail relay.

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Apologies.

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## General Business
### MathsUnion and UPS Sponsorship Contacts 
- Friend from UPS and MathUnion hasn't replied yet. Follow up with friend. 
- Reach out to 3 more companies, after that its not worth to keep reaching out to potential sponsors.

### Updates to Website: Google Authentication 
- Gozz recommended to buy BitWarden Profor website to function as the website use app passwords which requires 2FA.
- The short-term solution is to enable 2FA Gmail account. The long-term solution proposed by Gozz to use BitWarden Pro.
- Gmail can have multiple people approving 2FA on committee members phones. BitWarden feature doesn't require phones.
- The BitWarden Authenticator has a password access to generate the 2FA code that Gmail needs to login after the usual login screen with username and password. Unlike the Google Authenticator, the Bitward Authenticator can be accessed by any committee member with the Bitward password. 
    - Requires BitWarden Premium which is $10/year.
- Better than the in-built Gmail authenticator with phones since it requires other committee members to supply the code. 
- Another long-term solution is setting up a mail-relay. 
- Another option is Google OAuth, however, this solution has not been fleshed out by Google yet. 
- MOTION: To buy BitWarden Premium for 2FA for PCS website
    - For: 6, Against: 0, Abstain: 0
    - Passes unanimously
- ACTION: @Conor @Trung: Buy Bitward Premium to set up 2FA for Gmail.

### JourneyOne Sponosorship Money
- Atlassian payments have been to our Guild account, this is the first time sponsorship has been sent to our Westpac account. 
- ACTION: @Trung : Ask Westpac about JourneyOne Sponsorship Money not being transferred to us yet. 

### IMC Sponsorship
- ACTION: @James @Jesse: Zoom call with IMC tomorrow to speak about sponsorship.
- Since Jesse is going leave, if IMC asks any questions, James has the responsibility of answering. 
- ACTION: @Trung : Prepare invoice in case for IMC sponsorship.
 
### O-Day Registration
- Guild has said that O-Day Registrations are now open. We want one stall, no marquee as we have our own.
- ACTION: @Shalini : O-Day Registration for PCS.

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)   @sophie (OCM)  - ask exact details of promotion to Unstop and send prospectus (after editing merchandise sponsorship) if needed.
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  - Ask MathsUnion and UPS for sponsorship contacts.
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  - Let UnCharity people know about PCS members.
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  - F/up with JourneyOne regarding sponsorship money.
    * Trung will follow up in-person with Wespac.
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Top up DigitalOcean.
    * Done

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Conor @Trung: Buy Bitward Premium to set up 2FA for Gmail. 
- ACTION: @Trung : Ask Westpac about JourneyOne Sponsorship Money not being transferred to us yet. 
- ACTION: @Conor: Ask MathsUnion and UPS for sponsorship contacts.
- ACTION: @James @Jesse: Zoom call with IMC tomorrow to speak about sponsorship.
- ACTION: @Trung : Prepare invoice in case for IMC sponsorship.
- ACTION: @Shalini : O-Day Registration for PCS.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 4:40PM

### Digressions: 
