# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-04-05

## Venue and Time:

- 19:00 - 20:00
- Discord

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 19:07

Present: Alan (IPP), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM), James (VP), Jesse (President), Sersang (OCM), Shalini (Secretary), Trung (Treasurer)

Apologies: Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Launched PCS Weekly Challenge
- Talked to Head of Comp Sci Dept - Rachel Cardell-Oliver - talked about club, offered to advertise PCS on screens.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Attended SOCPAC
    - SPG due dates are coming up Midnight 14/04.
        - Mostly for venue and equipment hire for events are not usually run.
    - Wellness Hamper for club committees.
- uhhhhhhhh didn't come up with uncharity questions i had computer networks test today okay

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- DSA Training Session

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted reminders for events on Discord
- Attended Charity Vigil meeting
- Searched for raffle prizes with James

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Helped Jesse launch the weekly challenges on PCS site
- Registered accounts for users on PCS site
- Did ANZAC sprint EMP, it is approved

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Training session and weekly challenge posts
- Reminders for events on stories
- Helped Sophie make the advertisement for ANZAC

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Apologies 

### IPP report (Alan)
- Sent a meme into committee-casual
- Attending current meeting [wow thanks alan] :thumbsup: 


## Events

### UnCharity Vigil
- Need to gather a group of people (online) to help write questions for UnProgramming
    - ACTION: @Trung, @Chloe, @James, @Conor, @Jesse, @Shalini : Help write UnProgramming questions.
    - ACTION: @James : Layout UnProgramming questions i.e., rough idea of what questions to write by Friday
- Logo still not approved for advertising.
    - ACTION: @Chloe : Advertising on Discord for Charity Vigil

### 19/04 ANZAC 2 (Sprint)
- Scouted out location ENCM 2.07 for ANZAC. Will be confirmed through email.
- ACTION: @Chloe, @Sersang : Post event announcement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord.
- Change Fresher Prize to a full team of Fresher's, rather than two or more Freshers.
    - Potentially add a rule to Fresher definition to include that the student should not have taken CITS2200 DSA.

## General Business

### PCS Website
- Motion: Budget $300 for second DigitalOcean VPS for Conor (OCM) to re-deploy the site for development without affecting prod
    - Yaaaaasses unanimously
    - Conor will be reimbursed by Trung.

### 18/04 CSSE Education Department Committee Meeting
- Talked to Rachel, the meeting is for CS students to give feedback about the CS dept, and units.
- Volunteer James as CS rep for CSSE Meeting.
- ACTION: @James : Send F/UP email to self-nominate, and post annoucement in Discord Annoucement Channel that this meeting his happening.

### Meeting Time
- Meeting after training sessions have not worked in the past, since training sessions seems to run overtime.
- Wednesday 7 - 8PM was WiG common time; Monday 3:30 - 4:30PM was WiG common time.
    - Monday 3:30 - 4:30PM is the new meeting time!!!
    - Next week Monday is a public holiday. No meeting next week (midsemester break week).
    - ACTION: @Jesse : Send a reminder to Discord to say that there will be no Training Sessions and Study and Solve next week
- Could alternate meetings on different weeks, but we still need consistent times.

### Pizza reimbursement
- Motion: Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza
    - Passes unanimously 
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza

## Training Sessions

### 18/04 Tuesday Training Session (Complete Search)
- James running this session.
- ACTION: @Sersang, @Chloe : Post Training Session (Complete Search) annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord
### 21/04 Friday Study & Solve Session
- Jesse running it; will post advertising.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Study & Solve Session annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 20/04) through Discord


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @James (Vice Prez) @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Buy raffle prizes that fit within budget
    - Ongoing
- ACTION @sophie (OCM) , @Sersang (OCM)  : Create slideshow of photos from ANZAC 1 and last slide with advertising for club
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Find venue for ANZAC Sprint
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Do ANZAC Sprint EMP
    - Done
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Set up leaderboard on PCS website
    - Done
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Fix website
    - Ongoing

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Trung, @Chloe, @James, @Conor, @Jesse, @Shalini : Help write UnProgramming questions.
- ACTION: @James : Layout UnProgramming questions i.e., rough idea of what questions to write by Friday
- ACTION: @Chloe, @Sersang : Post ANZAC Sprint event announcement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord.
- ACTION: @Sersang, @Chloe : Post Training Session (Complete Search) annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord
- ACTION: @James : Send F/UP email to self-nominate, and post annoucement in Discord Annoucement Channel that this meeting his happening.
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza
- ACTION: @Jesse : Send a reminder to Discord to say that there will be no Training Sessions and Study and Solve next week
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Study & Solve Session annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 20/04) through Discord
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Fix the website
- ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Buy raffle prizes that fit within budget
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Find venue for ANZAC Sprint
- ACTION: @Chloe : Advertising on Discord for Charity Vigil

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 20:00

### Digressions: 
