# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-03-28

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 1.24 CSSE
- Time: 17:30 - 18:30

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 17:42

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Budget $200 for pizza for ANZAC 1
    - For: 6, Against: 1, Abstained: 0

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Talks for Complexity on Friday
- ANZAC
    - Pizza was done by Gozz
    - Rules read out
- How to get to ANZAC 1
- SLT this morning

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Took pictures of ANZAC
- Going to SOPAC: will be leaving meeting early
- Should be okay with taking Complete Search for 18/4, pending confirmation with Charity Vigil Subcommittee. 

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Changed Bitwarden passwords
- Removed previous signatory members from westpac account
- Reimbursed Sophie for AGM Pizza and Snacks

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- "How to find ANZAC" FB post
- Posted ANZAC 1 FB Post
- Posted 'Study & Solve' FB event
    - Cannot pin it on PCS FB page

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted event reminders on Discord (ANZAC 1, Training Sessions)
- Attended Charity Vigil Meeting
- Participated in ANZAC 1

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Suffering from success at the ANZAC
- Made ANZAC location guide with Jesse
- Presented searching and sorting training session

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Participated in ANZAC
- Instagram and Facebook posts for training sessions and ANZAC


### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Apologies

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
### ANZACS
- MOTION: Committee members are not eligible for ANZAC prize money
    - Move motion to next meeting (meeting no longer has quorum)
#### Automated message for ANZAC and post mid sem break events
- Carl bot?
- Create schedule for messages, and use scheduled FB posts when all the marketing materials are created.
- Creation of post 1 week before event, and reminder post night before.
- Ask the person running the session for a description of their session.
- Make sure to do reminder post for training session during the midsem break.
- 19/04 3 - 5PM Wednesday ANZAC 2 Post during mid-sem break.

#### ANZAC Slideshow
- Tim sent email, "great turnout Saturday" - wants us to make slideshow for advertisement.
- ACTION @Sophie (OCM), @Sersang (OCM) : Create slideshow of photos from ANZAC 1 and last slide with advertising for club
    - Training session time and location

#### ANZAC Sprints
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Find venue for ANZAC Sprint
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Do ANZAC Sprint EMP

### Charity Vigil
MOTION: To approve the following:
"All monies recieved from events and activites; the door buy-in; raffle tickets; the auction; and independent donations are to go to the selected Charity or Charities.

All budgeted and approved costs are to be distributed evenly among the participating clubs.

Any unforeseen or unbudgeted losses are to be distributed by negotiation within subcommitee in consultation with club treasurers with the objective of minimizing harm to participating clubs.

Any such distribution is subject to final approval from participating club committees.

If negotiations fail to reach a distribution that is accepted by club committees, the subcommittee will approach the Guild to mediate further negotiations between the participating clubs."

- Passes unaminously

MOTION: To approve budget
Link to budget:(https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NV53MrFap4jwRr7IUf9Hvjc5ldfci0LW4WqEM739WlA/edit?usp=sharing)

- Passes unanimously

#### PCS Charity Vigil Event Planning
- Weekend of mid-term break: 14/04 4PM - 15/04 9AM
- unProgramming contest - need questions.
    - Create sub-subcom for unProgramming questions.

- ACTION: @Chloe(Fresher Rep) : Buy auction prizes that fit within budget

## General Business
### CSSE Department Education Committee
- James is good option due to his degree, will talk more about it at next meeting.

## Training Sessions

## Ladders
- Weekly challenges on PCS website, by next week Monday. 
- Small prizes for different problem styles: beginner, advanced etc? First to solve gets the prize.
    - Candy $8 favourites, or maybe hard candy so we can buy a big bag for cheap? 
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Set up leaderboard on PCS website.


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Remind everyone of rules on the day for ANZAC 1 & Photo consent
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Pizza and prize run
    - Done
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)   : Change Bitwarden passwords.
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  , @Conor (OCM)  : Will create How-To to get to ANZAC 1
    - Done
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Migrate containers from Docker to local
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Go to SLT 2 Training Session
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) , @James F (Vice prez) , @Trung (Treasurer) , @Shalini (Secretary) : Change passwords
    - Done
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Kick off members.
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Buy auction prizes that fit within budget
- ACTION @Sophie (OCM), @Sersang (OCM) : Create slideshow of photos from ANZAC 1 and last slide with advertising for club
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Find venue for ANZAC Sprint
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Do ANZAC Sprint EMP
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Set up leaderboard on PCS website
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Migrate containers from Docker to local

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 18:26

### Digressions: 
