# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-03-21

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 1.24 CSSE
- Time: 17:30 - 18:30

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 18:04

_Present:_ Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

_Apologies:_ Alan (IPP)

_Absent:_ 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Reimburse Sophie for printing (if need be)
	- don't need to it's 10 cents
- MOTION: Ammendment of last meeting's minutes with new Westpac motion
    - Passes unanimously


## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Just did presentation for introduction session
- Booked venues. CSSE 1.24 Tuesdays 4-5:30, Fridays 2:30
- Lockers
- Attended Westpac signatory meeting
- 

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Charity Vigil organisation
- Stashed shirts in locker
- Resubmitted ANZAC EMP
    - Has been approved by Guild after resubmission
- Attended Westpac signatory meeting

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Attended Westpac signatory meeting
- Attended Training Tuesdays: Introduction 
- Submitted recurring EMP ANZACs, Training Sessions and "Study & Solve"
- Invoiced Atlassian for $300 Sponsorship

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Ammended 2023 AGM minutes with attendance
- Ammended last meeting's minutes with Westpac signatory motion
- Attended Westpac signatory meeting
- Attended Training Tuesdays: Introduction to Competitve Training I 

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted events announcements on Discord (Training Session 1 & 2, ANZAC 1)
- Attended Charity Vigil meeting
- Spammed group chats with PCS information (Marketing...?)

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Created temp accounts on website with Jesse for today's session
- Discussed with Jesse fixing website in this coming week
- Along with Jesse, met with Gozz to discuss website infrastructure

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Made instagram and facebook posts for the first, second training session and ANZAC 1
- Added event highlights to PCS instagram page

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Made and printed poster for training sessions
- Attended Tuesday Training Session

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.

### IPIPP report (Gozz)
- [Thesis]
    - Found a bug in proof; spent all weekend fixing proof; back where I started.

## Events
### ANZAC 1 (25/03/2023)
- EMP has been approved.
- Location: CSSE 2.05 
- Time: 9AM - 2PM
- Date: 25/03/2023
- Budgeted for pizza and cash prizes. (see last week's minutes)
    - ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Pizza and prize run
    - ACTION: @Jesse (President) , @Conor (OCM) : Will create How-To to get to ANZAC 1

#### Prize Eligibility
- Only will be given full team (team of 3) - promotes attendance.
- Prizes will be only given to teams following the rules for the whole time.
    - Can only look at official docs. 
        - ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Remind everyone of rules on the day for ANZAC 1 & Photo consent
- Prize for Top Overall Team - $90
- Prize for Fresher Team (2/3 of members are Freshers; first time members of club) - $60
- Cannot win both prizes.

## General Business
### Docker
- Docker Hub costs money, currently hosting on it. Conor will migrate it.
    - ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Migrate containers from Docker to local
### Safe Clubs and Events Officer
- If something that happens at an event, they are the POC.
- James volunteers.

### Student Leadership Training
- SLT 2 dates released. 28/03
- ACTION: @ Jesse (President) : Go to SLT 2 Training Session

### Westpac Signatories Transfer
- Done.
- But we need to change the password, individually. 
- Kick members off.
    - ACTION: @Execs : Change passwords
    - ACTION: @lucisveritas : Kick off members.

### Special Project Grant
- Deadline coming up.
- Possibly think of inter-club collabs.

## Training Sessions
### Introduction to Competitive Programming 1 (21/03/2023)
- Attendance: 32
    - not enough chairs :/
    - 6 people standing (mostly committee tho so whatevs)

### Introduction to Competitive Programming 2 (24/03/2023)


## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @sophie (OCM)  : Make posters for events
	* Done
* ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary)  : Add AGM attendance into AGM minutes.
	* Done
* ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary) : Add 2023 shared folder in G Drive for Training Session and "Study & Solve" slides.
	* Done
* ACTION: @Sersang (OCM),  @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Discord and FB annoucement for ANZAC 1, Training Session & "Study and Solve"
	* Done
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM), @Jesse (President)  : Meet with Gozz to discuss website.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Remove adminstrative priviledges for Gozz.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Change Bitwarden passwords.
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Do EMP for ANZAC 1, Training Sessions and "Study & Solve"
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Add @Chloe (Fresher Rep) to Github 
    * Done

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Remind everyone of rules on the day for ANZAC 1 & Photo consent
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Pizza and prize run
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Change Bitwarden passwords.
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) , @Conor (OCM) : Will create How-To to get to ANZAC 1
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Migrate containers from Docker to local
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Go to SLT 2 Training Session
- ACTION: @Execs: Change passwords
- ACTION: @lucisveritas : Kick off members.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 18:31

### Digressions: 


