# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-11-21

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: EZONE 103
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:03PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to confirm a gold sponsorship package with JourneyOne as according the price and benefits outlined in our 2023 prospectus. Benefits are:
    * Merchandise distribution.
    * Posting of job opportunities.
    * Listing as sponsor on our website.
    * Listing as sponsor for all prizes and contests.
    * Opportunity for their representatives to give a talk during one of our weekly sessions.
- For: 8, Against: 0, Abstained: 0
- Passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Liased with JourneyOne (Ei Win) for marketing material.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Submitted Semester 2 Grant - Accepted in full 🥳
- Invoiced JourneyOne for Gold Sponsorship 

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Club room application sent.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted about JourneyOne's Graduate Program on Discord

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Rewriting the site is complete
- I just need to migrate the database from the old site to the new site
    - It looks like they have changed the database schema between versions

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Facebook JourneyOne post.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- finished prospectus (a while ago, oops) :clap: 

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
No upcoming events.

## General Business
### Sponsorships
- Facebook post is good, let people know that JourneyOne is now our sponsor.
- Check Westpac to see if invoice has been received in 2-3 days.
- Received email from Unstop Website, who want to collaborate with us to promote hiring opportunities.
    - Not sure if asking for sponsorship or free advertising material.
    - Might be of interest to PCS membership.
    - ACTION: @Jesse - ask exact details of promotion to Unstop.

- Emailing other prospectus sponsors.
    - ACTION: @Conor - Ask MathsUnion and UPS for sponsorship contacts.

### Things to organise
- Sem 1 2024 lesson plan.
- UnCharity Vigil being organised, start considering participation.

## Previous Action Items
No previous action items.

## Action Items
* ACTION: @Jesse @Sophie - ask exact details of promotion to Unstop and send prospectus (after editing merchandise sponsorship) if needed.
* ACTION: @Conor - Ask MathsUnion and UPS for sponsorship contacts.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:18PM

### Digressions: 
- James has discovered the Discord soundboard. :clap: :clap: :clap: 
