# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-10-05

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 103 EZONE NTH 
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:02PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP),  Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Alan (IPP)

Apologies: Trung (Treasurer), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No confirmations of circular motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Contacted Max to ask about who to contact for WiseTech sponsorship, Jesse have a name and email address.
- Asking about who wants to buy a PCS shirt, Jesse is looking into vendors.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Talked to conor, did ucc advertisement

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Apologies

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Made Club Application spreadsheet - needs reviewing.
- Apologies for next week.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Compiled a list of potential sponsors

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Apologies
- Around 90% done with site

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Apolgies

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Nothing to report

### IPP report (Alan)
- ALAN CAME TO THE MEETING!!


## Events
### URC Study Night
- Trung isn't here to discuss this dot point. Discuss next week.
- May need to organise our own study night without colloboration on Week 12 - earlier in the week. 
    - Replace Tuesday session since we have the booking?
    - Possibly reach out to Gozz to see if he can attend as a tutor.
    - ACTION: @James : Talk to Trung ab URC Study Night.
    - Market the study night to be specific for CITS2002 System Programming, Triple AI?

## General Business
- We should run some comps over the summer.

### Clubroom
- Application due on 14th Nov.
- ACTION: @Jesse, @James : Edit clubroom application.
### Sponsorship
- Jesse emailed WisTech global.
- We have a list of sponsors as created by Chloe.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask past exec members and emails to see how sponsor reachouts were done.
- Alan has not sent emails to sponsers outside Atlassian. Recommends reaching out to people we already have contact with and personally know. Sent emails before Christmas or after Christmas. 
- Wait till reachout till after exams i.e., mid Nov.

### Westpac Phone
- Requires Trung, circle back next week.

### Other Uni Programming competitions
- Monash is running a programming competition.
- There is also an inter-uni one as well.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Find out dates for Monash and inter-uni programming competition.


## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) : Clubroom application
    * Done
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Add photos and reflection from our Atlassian event this year to prospectus, and send Atlassian updated prospectus.
    * ?
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Ask Max and Tim to ask who is in charge of sponsorships at WiseTech.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) , @Jesse (President) : Inquire into Akuna Capital, Jane Street, IMC, Optiver and other companies that we could send the prospectus to.
    * Done
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) , @Conor (OCM)  : Talk about Digital Ocean cost and discuss alternatives.
    * 
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Find out who wants a PCS shirt
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  : Do UCC advertisement.
    * Done

## Action Items
- ACTION: @James : Talk to Trung ab URC Study Night.
- ACTION: @Jesse, @James : Edit clubroom application.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask past exec members and emails to see how sponsor reachouts were done.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Find out dates for Monash and inter-uni programming competition.


## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:31PM

### Digressions: 
