# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-04-17

## Venue and Time:
Date: Monday 17/04/2023
Time: 3:30PM - 4:30PM
Venue: EZone Meeting Pod 102B


## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 3:33PM

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Sophie (OCM), Sersang (OCM), Chloe (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Conor(OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Approve new Charity Vigil Budget:
    - Passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Help with the Charity Vigil questions. Not done. 
- Reminder that there will be no training sessions and study/solve sessions during the mid-sem break. Done. 
- Post reminders for Study/Solve on the week before, not done. 
- Book venue for ANZAC sprint: In process, ENSC reception have still not replied. Therefore will try to book CSSE 1.24 as contingency. 
- Bought prizes for the Weekly challenges. 

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Charity vigil organised
- Prepped training session for complete search
- Nominated self for csse ed meeting

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Helped write UnProgramming Question F
- Attended Charity Vigil

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Helped write UnProgramming Question E.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Attended and helped out in Charity Vigil
- Attended Charity Vigil subcom meeting
- Wrote UnProgramming Question B
- Got Charity Vigil raffle prizes
- Posted Discord training session and ANZAC reminders 

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Attended Charity Vigil
- Got started on fixing the website (cloned VPS so now I should be able to work on it without affecting prod).

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Posted training sessions and ANZAC posts

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Nothing to report


### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
### Charity Vigil
- ACTION: @Chloe : Send receipt for Charity Vigil prize to Trung
- MOTION: Reimburse Chloe $51.90 for Charity Vigil prizes.
    - Agree: 5, Abstained: 1
    - Passed.
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Chloe for Charity Vigil prizes.
- No post-Charity Vigil, it is scheduled for tomorrow. We don't know the full finances of the event.
    - Submissions were changed to $2 this year, and this did not change the participation of the event.
- Questions E and F this year were not engaged with like previous years. Possibly do less questions like E and F i.e., the counting and searching questions.
- Raised $44, 31 submissions.

### ANZAC Sprint Round 2 (Wednesday 19/04/2023)
- CSSE 1.24 is will be booked, however ENSC207 is the ideal location. 
- Booking is confirmed. 

- ACTION: @Chloe : Post ANZAC Sprint Round 2 after 7PM regarding the room.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Print ANZAC poster.

## General Business
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Jesse for the prizes of the Weekly Challenges
- ACTION: @Jesse : Send receipt for prizes for Weekly Challenges to Trung. 
    - No receipt. Can still be reimbursed, but we cannot get grant money. It comes out of reserve money.
- Sophie banning person on Discord: It's okay, they're not a member. Just do a circular next time. 
    
## Training Sessions
### Tuesday Training: Complete Search (18/04/2023)
- James is good to run it still.
- Would like to give out prizes for Weekly Challenge at Tuesday Training session.
- ACTION: @James : Give out Weekly Challenge prizes tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Weekly Challenge winners tonight annoucement.

### Friday Session: Study/Solve
- Jesse is still hosting.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Study/Solve reminder the night before (21/04/2023)


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) , @Chloe (Fresher Rep) , @James F (Vice prez) , @Conor (OCM) , @Jesse (President) , @Shalini (Secretary) : Help write UnProgramming questions.
    - Done
- ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Layout UnProgramming questions i.e., rough idea of what questions to write by Friday
    - Done
- ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) , @Sersang (OCM) : Post ANZAC Sprint event announcement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord.
    - Done
- ACTION: @Sersang (OCM) , @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Post Training Session (Complete Search) annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 18/04) through FB and Discord
    - Done
- ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Send F/UP email to self-nominate, and post annoucement in Discord Annoucement Channel that this meeting his happening.
    - Done
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Send a reminder to Discord to say that there will be no Training Sessions and Study and Solve next week
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Post Study & Solve Session annoucement 1 week before and night before (11/04 and 20/04) through Discord
    - Changed for the 21/04
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Fix website
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep)  : Buy raffleprizes that fit within budget
    - Done
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Find venue for ANZAC Sprint
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Advertising on Discord for Charity Vigil
    - Done


## Action Items
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Chloe for Charity Vigil prizes.
- ACTION: @Chloe : Send receipt for Charity Vigil prize to Trung
- ACTION: @Trung : Reimburse Jesse for the prizes of the Weekly Challenges
- ACTION: @Jesse : Send receipt for prizes for Weekly Challenges to Trung
- ACTION: @Chloe : Post ANZAC Sprint Round 2 after 7PM regarding the room.
- ACTION: @James : Give out Weekly Challenge prizes tomorrow.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Weekly Challenge winners tonight annoucement.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Print ANZAC poster.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post Study/Solve reminder the night before (21/04/2023)
- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza
- ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Fix website


## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed_: 4:01PM

### Digressions: 
