# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-03-14

## Venue and Time:

- CSSE 1.24
- 5:30PM - 6:30PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 17:32 

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

- MOTION: PCS to be involved in the 2023 Charity Vigil and volunteer a subcommitee.
    - Passed
    - 7 For, 1 Against

- MOTION: Budget $300 for fresher welcome/AGM catering.
    - Passed unanimously


## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Contacted Max and Tim for training times.
- Commanded Chloe to test website (still broken)
    - Tested passwords, everything is all mine now. 
- Submitted ERF
    - Has now been processed, have myGuild access.
- Read the constitution
- Changed committee names on PCS website. 
- Talked to SOC President about Student Leadership training. 


### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Charity vigil meeting
- Attended Unify demo

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Attended AGM/Fresher Welcome
    - Fresher Welcome slides & WiG w/ Heidi
- Completed treasurer training
- Got money box and books off of Christian

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Attended AGM/Fresher Welcome
- Posted FB WiG post for Training Sessions


### Fresher Rep's report (Chloe)
- Attended AGM and Fresher Welcome
- Attended Charity Vigil meeting
- Tested the PCS website 
    - Tried making an account, didn't work, website still broken.

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Attended AGM
- Added to website as sysadmin

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Attended AGM

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Finished OCM Handover
- Attended AGM and Fresher Rep
- Got soft drinks and pizza for Fresher Welcome

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring Apologies.

## Events

### AGM and Fresher Welcome (2023-03-07)

- MOTION: Sophie (OCM) to be reimbursed for food and drink expenses from AGM/Fresher's Welcome.
    - 7 For, 1 Abstained

- ACTION: Shalini (Secretary) : Add AGM attendance into AGM minutes.

- Turn out was good, quorum achieved. Not many attendees left the 2023 AGM. 
- Intense election with lots of candidates.
- Make more effort to have committee understand the election process and formalities. 
- Comparision of WiG in person at AGM vs through Discord Annoucement.
    - Same amount of reponses through both methods.
    - Potentially do WiG during O-Day or Club Carnival.
        - Do it through all possible channels of communication.
- No pizza left over :pizza: 

### Training Session
- 1 Training session per week. 2 Training sessions per week was unsustainable, and lacked attendance. 
- Have a "Study & Solve" questions weekly for more casual session. 
    - Invites people to socialise and ask questions about competitive programming.
- Survey Results: "Study & Solve" - Friday: 2:30 - 4PM, Training Session - Tuesday: 3:30 - 5PM. 
    - Tim and Max are available for both sessions.
    - Most committee members can make the Tuesday session. 
    - James and Chloe will not be available for the next three weeks due to Charity Vigil.

- [First Training Session] 21/03/2023 - Hosted by Jesse (President): Intro to Competitive Programming. 
    - Structure of ANZACs.
- [First "Study & Solve"] 24/03/2023 - Hosted by Jesse (President): Intro to Competitive Programing 2: Electric Boogaloo 
    - Intro to complexities, and how to submit files.
    - Have people attempt PCS "A + B" to teach I/O.

- [Sorting and Searching] 28/03/2023 - Hosted by Conor (OCM)
- [Data Structures] 04/04/2023 - Hosted by Trung (Treasurer)
- [Complete Search] 18/04/2023 - Hosted by Jesse (President)

- Make both sessions to be interactive rather than be lecture style. Build in breaks for questions during talking.

- ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary) : Add 2023 shared folder in G Drive for Training Session and "Study & Solve" slides.

### ANZAC 1 (25/03/2023)
- ACTION: @Sersang (OCM) @Chloe (Fresher Rep): Discord and FB announcement for ANZAC 1, Training Session, "Study and Solve" via all SM channels.
    - Make stories to post after training sessions for more engagement.
    - Posts should happen a week before the sessions, and then a reminder post the night before.
        - FB specific: Make them recurring events.
- ACTION @Sophie (OCM) : Make posters for events

- Prizes: $90 equivalent prize for Top UWA Team, $60 equivalent prize for Top Fresher Team (< 2/3 of team are Freshers).
    - Prizes given out based on attendance, and team size.
    - Prize suggestions: Textbooks, JBL $30 Bluetooth speaker.

- MOTION: Allocate $150 for prizes for ANZAC 1.
    - Passes unanimously.

- MOTION: Budget $150 for food and drinks for ANZAC 1 - Pizza
    - Passes unanimously.

- ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Do EMP for ANZAC 1, Training Sessions and "Study & Solve"
    - James to post 'How-To' for doing EMP.
    
## General Business

### Handover
- ACTION: @Jesse (President): Add Chloe (Fresher Rep) to Github

### Unify
- James attended demo. Unify developed by CFC members and marketed by 2 URC members.
- The app was not in a state to be used, and the development was delayed from original O-day release.
- James wanted to ask how to market to students - Answer: clubs will promote it. 
    - Places marketing responsibility on clubs and word of mouth. 


### Mentorship Pods
- Talk about them next meeting.

### Charity Vigil
- MOTION: Adopt subcommittee regulations for Charity Vigil.
    - Passes unanimously
    
- MOTION: Budget $60 for raffle prizes.
    - Passes unanimously.

- Date for Charity Vigil: 14/04/23 - 15/04/23 (During Study Week).
- Events: unProgramming competition, will take about event ideas.



### Westpac Account Handover 
- MOTION: Change signatories from 2022 Execs to 2023 Execs
    - Passes unanimously.

### Website issues; Gozz and access to system for many
- The password for accounts have not changed since the foundation of the club. High priority to change password, so only current members have password.
    - ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Change Bitwarden passwords.
- Train current committee members to train to fix website. Conor is currently sysadmin.
    - ACTION: @Conor (OCM), @Jesse (President) : Meet with Gozz to discuss website.
    - LONG TERM: Conor to make PCS website Handover for 2024 committee. 
- Remove administrative priviledges for Gozz on discord, but keep sysadmin.
    - ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Remove adminstrative priviledges for Gozz.


## Previous Action Items
ACTION @Christian (Not Treasurer)  @Shalini (Secretary) : Help take attendance + sign ups to AGM
    - Done
ACTION @Christian (Not Treasurer) : Bring ERF and money box to AGM
    - Done
ACTION @Sophie (OCM) : Pick up soft drinks + pizzas
    - Done
ACTION @Trung (Treasurer)  @sellsol : Add WiG for AGM
    - Done


## Action Items
ACTION @Sophie (OCM) : Make posters for events
ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary) : Add AGM attendance into AGM minutes.
ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary) : Add 2023 shared folder in G Drive for Training Session and "Study & Solve" slides.
ACTION: @Sersang (OCM) @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Discord and FB annoucement for ANZAC 1, Training Session & "Study and Solve"
ACTION: @Conor (OCM), @Jesse (President) : Meet with Gozz to discuss website.
ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Remove adminstrative priviledges for Gozz.
ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Change Bitwarden passwords.
ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Do EMP for ANZAC 1, Training Sessions and "Study & Solve"
ACTION: @Jesse (President): Add Chloe (Fresher Rep) to Github

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 18:46

### Digressions: 
