# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-04-24

## Venue and Time:
Venue: EZONE Meeting Pod 204A
Time: 3:30 - 4:30PM
Date: Monday 24/04/2023


## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 15:35

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Sersang(OCM), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to budget $150 for prize money for ANZAC 2
    - Confirmed that it passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Room for Foundations of Programming has been booked (CSSE 1.24): Thursdays 4-5:30PM.
- Room for ANZAC 3 has been booked (CSSE 1.24): Wednesday 3-5PM. 
- Contacted UCC and CSSE for spreading Foundations of Programming advert. 
    - Has been cross-posted by UCC.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Ran Complete Search Training Tuesdays
- Went to CS Dept Meeting
- Came to Study and Solve

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Reimbursed Chloe for Charity Vigil Prizes
- Reimbursed Jesse for Weekly Prizes and ANZAC 1 Pizza
- Withdrew ANZAC 2 Prize Money from Guild Finance
- Attended ANZAC 2

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Approved reimbursement for Jesse for ANZAC 1 Pizza
- EMP for Foundations of Programming run by Gozz

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted discord event reminders
- Attended ANZAC 1&2
- Attended Charity Vigil subcom meeting
- Got reimbursed by Trung for raffle prizes (sent receipts)

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Nothing to report
- Have been busy with uni work but will continue working on fixing the website

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Marketing for Tuesday training sessions 
- Marketing for ANZAC

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Made poster for Foundations of Programming

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
- Charity Vigil
    - Finances are currently messy, squabbling over details.
    - Holding another wrap-up meeting, scheduled for tomorrow.
    - F/UP next PCS meeting.

- ANZAC 2
    - Attendees thoughts:
        - Less intimidating, less of a commitment
        - More difficult since the amount of time vs the number of questions didn’t scale the same as the normal ANZAC
        - Different time is appreciated since some people can't attend on Saturdays
    - 18-30 participants (9 teams)
    - Did not post anything on Discord 
    - ACTION: @Jesse : Post wrap-up ANZAC 2 on discord and FB.

- ANZAC 3 (Wednesday 26 April)
    - MOTION: Budget $150 for prize money for ANZAC 3
        - Passes unanimously
        - ACTION: @Trung : Bring prize money for ANZAC 3


## General Business
- SOPAC 27/04
    - ACTION: @Trung: Attend SOPAC Meeting 

- Prizes for Further Weekly Challenges
    - Bulk purchase for easier reimbursement
    - MOTION: Budget $64 for next 4 Weekly Challenges
        - Passes unanimously

- Shared Calendar - CSSE Ed Committee
    - Email from DSA secretary suggesting that we have a event calendar that will be shared with the comp sci clubs and CSSE staff.
    - PCS already has a shared iCal link
    - pcs.org.au/cal
        - redirects to: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/b/2?cid=dXdhcGNzQGdtYWlsLmNvbQ
    - ACTION: @Shalini : Reply to DSA secretary email with calendar link.
    - Wrap up from James:
        - Talked about new units that they were setting up, and old units that will be deprecated.
        - New streams being introduced: Amitava is setting up quantum computing.
            - Could be useful for PCS to set up a meeting to gauge interest in this new stream. CSSE willing to fund pizza.
            - ACTION: @James : Email Amitava regarding quantum computing PCS event.
            - ACTION: @Conor: Email Jingbo regarding quantum computing interest group.
        - Talked about labs and losing money labs due to poor attendance. 
        - Talked about PCS and clubs during the meeting briefly.

- Discord
    - Agenda Channel
        - Add a header to your agenda items if you are the first to post an agenda item for the meeting (for readability)
        - Format: `------ Monday 24th April ------`
    - Marketing Channel
        - Try to keep marketing related discussion and pings in marketing chat
    - New Treasury Discord Channel
        - Centralises and documents finance dealings for future committee and makes it easier for treasurer to keep track
        - Post updates here to avoid clogging committee chat e.g. payments made, payments received, grants approved etc. 
        - Receipts thread
            - Send your reciepts into here when you buy something
            - Treasurer will react to receipts if they have been seen and added to the finance repo
        - Approvals thread
            - Treasurer will ping execs in this chat to approve reimbursements and payments via westpac acc

## Training Sessions
- Training Tuesday 25/04/2023 (ANZAC HOLIDAY)
    - Jesse has contacted Max to reschedule to next week. 
    - ACTION: @Jesse : Post about Training Tuesday this week is canceled and it being moved to next week.
- Foundations of Programming 27/04/2023
- Study and Solve 28/04/2023

- ACTION: @Sophie: Post reminder for Foundations of Programming 26/04/2023 night.
- ACTION: @Chloe : Post reminder for ANZAC 3 tomorrow night.


## Previous Action Items
ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer): Reimburse Chloe for Charity Vigil prizes.
- Done
ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep)  : Send receipt for Charity Vigil prize to Trung
- Done
ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer) : Reimburse Jesse for the prizes of the Weekly Challenges
- Done
ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Send receipt for prizes for Weekly Challenges to Trung
- Done
ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep) : Post ANZAC Sprint Round 2 after 7PM regarding the room.
- Done
ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Give out Weekly Challenge prizes tomorrow.
- Done
ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Post Weekly Challenge winners tonight annoucement.
- Done
ACTION: @Sophie (OCM) : Print ANZAC poster.
- Done
ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Post Study/Solve reminder the night before (21/04/2023)
- Done
ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Reimburse Jesse $145.88 for ANZAC pizza
- Done
ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Fix website
- Ongoing


## Action Items
ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Fix website
ACTION: @James : Post ANZAC 2 photos into marketing channel.
ACTION: @Jesse : Post wrap-up ANZAC 2 on discord and FB.
ACTION: @Trung : Bring prize money for ANZAC 3
ACTION: @Trung: Attend SOPAC Meeting 
ACTION: @Shalini : Reply to DSA secretary email with calendar link.
ACTION: @James : Email Amitava regarding quantum computing PCS event.
ACTION: @Conor: Jingbo regarding quantum computing interest group.
ACTION: @Jesse : Post about Training Tuesday this week is canceled and it being moved to next week.
ACTION: @Sophie: Post reminder for Foundations of Programming 26/04/2023 night.
ACTION: @Chloe : Post reminder for ANZAC 3 tomorrow night.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 4:05PM

### Digressions: 
