# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-08-28

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: EZONE NTH 103
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:02PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep),  

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Conor (OCM), Sersang (OCM)

Absent: Sophie (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No confirmations of circular motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Did nothing, been on break/slacking off. 

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Attended SOCPAC
- Talked to Rachael about CS tenancy

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Nothing to report.

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (Conor)
- MAJOR progress on the website

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Apologies.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Absent.

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events

## General Business
### SOCPAC 9 Reflection
- Marked 'Programming Competition Society' as present
- 2024 Tenancy Clubroom form due 14/11 5PM.

### Clubroom
- James talked with Rachel from CSSE.
    - Proposed that we should share clubroom with CSSE.
- Rachel mentioned that she sent out invitations at the beginning of the year to meet up with her.
    - Jesse met up with Rachel RE admin for PCS, nothing related to clubrooms.

### Sponsorship
- Stick with current prospectus, begin approaching companies.
- Send Atlassian our prospectus for renewal. 
    - ACTION: @Trung : Add photos and reflection from our Atlassian event this year to prospectus, and send Atlassian updated prospectus.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask Max and Tim to ask who is in charge of sponsorships at WiseTech.
- ACTION: @Chloe, @Jesse : Inquire into Akuna Capital, Jane Street, IMC, Optiver and other companies that we could send the prospectus to.

### Contest, Shirts, AGM 
- Hold AGM next year.
- Do a shirt run.
    - ACTION: @Jesse : Find out who wants a PCS shirt 

### Digital Ocean
- MOTION: Budget $150 for Digital Ocean
    - For: 5, Against: 0, Abstain: 0
    - Passes unanimously
    - Digital Ocean is on autopay from Trung's card.
- Digital Ocean is costing us a lot of month every month as it constantly running a docker machine on the server.
- Consider AWS Lambda as a model due to it only costing what when we use it.
- ACTION: @James, @Conor : Talk about Digital Ocean cost and discuss alternatives.

## Training Sessions
- Jesse has an idea of running PCS internal contests, but will not have time by the end of semester.
- James has the idea of introducing blitzes which requires James to build a website.
    - You unlock questions based on completion of previous questions, and linking training session to these mini-competitions.

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) : Clubroom application
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Add domjudge set up to Github
    * Done
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Attend SOCPAC
    * Done
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  @Trung (Treasurer) : Discuss collab with URC.
    * Done

## Action Items
* ACTION @Shalini: Clubroom application
* ACTION: @Trung : Add photos and reflection from our Atlassian event this year to prospectus, and send Atlassian updated prospectus.
* ACTION: @Jesse : Ask Max and Tim to ask who is in charge of sponsorships at WiseTech.
* ACTION: @Chloe, @Jesse: Inquire into Akuna Capital, Jane Street, IMC, Optiver and other companies that we could send the prospectus to.
* ACTION: @James, @Conor : Talk about Digital Ocean cost and discuss alternatives.
* ACTION: @Jesse : Find out who wants a PCS shirt 
* ACTION: @James : Do UCC advertisement.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:42PM

### Digressions: 
