# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-09-21

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 103 EZONE NTH
- Time: 6:00PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:02PM

Present: James (VP), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sersang (OCM), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Jesse(President), Trung (Treasurer)

Absent: Sophie (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No confirmations of circular motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Apologies

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Booked, announced, and softly ran ANZAC 7

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Apologies

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report

### Fresh Rep's report (Potato)
- Potatoes are amazing :potato: :potato: :potato:
- Did the discord announcement for last week's training session (on Game Theory)

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Worked on website

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Did the FB & Insta annoucement for last week's training session.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Absent

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.

## Events

## General Business
### ANZAC Sprint Reflection
- 7 people - 3 teams; attended by Heidi and James (winning team!)
    - No prize money needs to get distributed.
    - James feels that we shouldn't change the three member team minimum for prize money, posssibly change in next year so we can keep it fair.
        - People competing want this rule changed.

### SOCPAC Meeting (26th Sept)
- ACTION: @James : Attend SOCPAC

### Updates on Website
- Digital Ocean has droplets which are VMs, PCS has our website hosted on droplet.
    - The website is running dmoj - which has the standard comp prog stuff.
        - Running on Docker.
        - Software has updated, the site has broken as the Docker file has not be updated.
            - Since there has been significant changes since it was initially written, Conor needs to rewrite the entire Docker files from scratch.
                - Is about 65% through - stuck on debugging.
                    - Once done, the db can be copied and then switched to live. Needs to be done by next AGM, Conor is aiming for the end of semester.
    - Which is different to domjudge

### PCS Social Event
- ACTION: @James @Trung : Discuss collab with URC.
- We can have social events that either programming events or purely social event.
    - Possible after exams.
    - Do study based event in the lead up to exams.

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @James F (Vice prez) @Shalini (Secretary)   @Sersang (OCM)     @sophie (OCM)    : Clubroom application
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM)  : Add domjudge set up to Github
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  : Send email to school operations to book in CSSE 1.24.
    * Done
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  : Make announcement for ANZAC 7 [Sprint]
    * Done
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep)  , @Sersang (OCM)   : Make FB, Disc + Insta post for Game Theory with Dr Tim French (Tuesday Training); 5/09; 4 - 5:30PM; CSSE 1.24
    * Done
* ACTION: @sophie (OCM) , @Conor (OCM)  : Confirm that they are the reps for Tech Clubs Quiz Night for PCS
    * Done

## Action Items
* ACTION @James @Shalini @Sersang @sophie : Clubroom application
    * Talk with Rachel to see if we can have a room in Comp Sci building.
* ACTION: @Conor: Add domjudge set up to Github
* ACTION: @James: Attend SOCPAC
* ACTION: @James @Trung: Discuss collab with URC.



## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:27PM

### Digressions: 
