# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-07-27

## Venue and Time:
- Time: 6pm - 7pm
- Date: 27/07/2023 Thursday
- Venue: Ezone 103/Online

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:00PM

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Sersang (OCM), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions


## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Contacted Tim French to run training session next Tuesday.
- Ran Tuesday Training session this week.
- Sent out email RE Training Session to find hosters for each session.
    - ACTION: @Jesse : Upload current training session to discord.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Contacted Atlassian about new date- no response
    - ACTION: @James : Email Atlassian again
- Booked room for Tech talk
- Joined the training session

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Attendend SOPAC 7
    - Nothing to report/relevant. 

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Tuesday Training sessions EMP approved.
- Friday Study & Solve sessions EMP approved.
    - ACTION @Shalini: Redo Study and Solve EMP for Thursday
- Atlassian Tech Talk EMP submitted, waiting for approval.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted announcement for Atlassian event on discord

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Worked on the PCS site with Sophie
    - Made good progress, dockerised ~50% of the site
    - Roadmap of things still to do:
        - Set up `celery`
        - Set up nginx/uwsgi/web server stuff
        - Dockerise judge
        - Test site
        - Copy database
            - If the version change from DMOJ 1.9 to 3.x breaks the database structure then it'll be a pain but hopefully that won't happen
        - Transfer over dev->prod

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Facebook post

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- worked on site with Conor
- made promotional content for atlassian tech talk

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
### Atlassian Tech Talk (15/08)
- Announcement with posters sometime next week
- ACTION @James: Get some other clubs advertising the Atlassian Tech Talk
- ACTION @Sophie: Get the Atlassian Tech Talk posters on the screens
- MOTION: Budget $90 for Atlassian Tech Talk food budget for Krispy Kreme Donuts
    - For: 8 Against: 0 Abstain: 0
    - Passed unanimously.
- ACTION @James : F/UP with Atlassian RE Merch for Tech Talk.
- ACTION @Trung: Contract previous committee for Atlassian merch

### Club Carnival (08/08 Tuesday W3 12-2PM)
- Just do the form and then they give us a marquee and table - assigned on the day.
    - Jesse has submitted the form, and there was a confirmation email saying that they have received it.
- Sophie has the marquee.

## General Business
### PCS Abbreviation
- ACTION: @Shalini : Email SOPAC Sec to make sure that the error of the budget doesn't happen again because of our abbreviation is being confused.

## Training Sessions
### Post for Training Session
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang: Post next week's Training Session Tuesday 4-5:30PM - Dr Tim French STA.

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) lini: Submit EMP ASAP + add new date (15th August)
    * Done
* ACTION @Jesse (President) e: Book a room for ANZAC 5 + EMP
    * Done
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) g: Remind us to do a budget next meeting for the food
    * Done
* ACTION @James F (Vice prez) ames: Fix the date with Atlassian ASAP
    * Ongoing
* ACTION @sophie (OCM) phie (OCM) : Make the posters for Atlassian tech talk. (Tuesday 15th August)
    * Done
* ACTION @Chloe (Fresher Rep) hloe (Fresher Rep) : Write a nice little discord post about it with posters
    * Done
* ACTION @Jesse (President) se: Book a room for ANZAC 5 + EMP
    * Done
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) ung: Organise and delegate prospectus work
    * Ongoing
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) ng @Shalini (Secretary) halini @Sersang (OCM) ang @sophie (OCM) hie: Write the entire PCS prospectus
    * Ongoing
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) g: Attend SOCPAC
    * Done
* ACTION @Jesse (President) se: Start assigning speakers for training sessions
    * Done
* ACTION @James F (Vice prez) es @Shalini (Secretary) lini @Sersang (OCM) rsang @sophie (OCM) ie: Clubroom application
    * Ongoing
* ACTION @Conor (OCM) or: Organise a 'Work-on-the-website-together' meeting with another committee member 
    * Done


## Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse : Upload current training session to discord.
- ACTION: @James : Email Atlassian again
- ACTION @Shalini: Redo Study and Solve EMP for Thursday
- ACTION @James: Get some other clubs advertising the Atlassian Tech Talk
- ACTION @Sophie: Get the Atlassian Tech Talk posters on the screens
- ACTION @James : F/UP with Atlassian RE Merch for Tech Talk.
- ACTION @Trung: Contract previous committee for Atlassian merch
- ACTION: @Shalini : Email SOPAC Sec to make sure that the error of the budget doesn't happen again because of our abbreviation is being confused.
- ACTION: @Chloe @Sersang: Post next week's Training Session Tuesday 4-5:30PM - Dr Tim French STA.
- ACTION @James F (Vice prez) ames: Fix the date with Atlassian ASAP
- ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) ng @Shalini (Secretary) halini @Sersang (OCM) ang @sophie (OCM) hie: Write the entire PCS prospectus
- ACTION @James F (Vice prez) es @Shalini (Secretary) lini @Sersang (OCM) rsang @sophie (OCM) ie: Clubroom application

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:23PM

### Digressions: 
