# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-07-10

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online/Floating Meeting Pod 110 Ezone
- Time: 5:30 - 6:30PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 5:32PM

Present: Jesse (President), James(VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Sersang (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Conor (OCM), Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Advertise for UniLan
    - For: 6, Against: 1
    - Passes.

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Posted contest problems
- Posted for Max's Training Problem

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Posted UniLan advertisement.
- Call with Atlassian this morning.

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Set up PayPal Account
- Contacted Westpac for form regarding Efptos Air.

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Completed EMP for holiday Tuesday Training sessions.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Uploaded more USACO problems to PCS site.
- Made progress on rewriting the DMOJ Dockerfiles.

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Nothing to report.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Nothing to report.

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events
### Tech Club Quiz Night
- Quiz night hosted at Tavern with multiple clubs organising it and running it. 
    - In addition to quiz, there will be prizes and mini-games.
    - Sophie (OCM) and Conor (OCM) will be representing PCS.
    - Need to budget potentially $50 for prizes.
        - Financially it is a good decision as this event has been profitable in the past. Profit last year was ~$70.
- MOTION: To widthraw from Tech Club Quiz Night
    - For: 1, Against: 5.
    - Rejected.

## General Business
### EPFTOS AIR and PayPal Account
- PayPal is set up, will be primarily used for Digital Ocean payments.
    - As PCS is a not-for-profit club, we need to provide office holders which are in our executives.
        - Need to remember to include to our end of committee handover. Trung will include it in the Treasurer handover.
- We need people to set up a merchant owner accounts to use the EPFTOS AIR, we need 2 people and they need to be a signatory,
    - Jesse (President) and Trung (Treasurer) will be the merchant owner accounts.
        - Merchants can give permissions to other committee members take payment.
        - Only one payment can be taken at one time.
    - Trung will open the EPFTOS AIR account.
    - We have the option to get a physical EPTOS machine, however EPFTOS AIR is an app on the phone.
### SOPAC Meeting 5 Recap (Trung)
- Clubs must declare to SOC and Guild Finance all donations and in-kind support received from sources other than Grants from the Guild e.g. sponsorships from companies
- Club carnival form has to be redone due to technical difficulties (due 11:59pm Friday 28 July): https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=xpKj6_peiE-83BzOEVsl7_C-WAc2pJhJsNxFxv_uBXRURTNISElPTFVHRDdZSDJBN0IyMDA0Q0FZNC4u&fbclid=IwAR3bIn4xgk-sExhtPYNA6Gg7HnurYS4bQIgV1dIarFO86WtBgCfkBN6U6YU
Microsoft Forms

### Club Carnival 
- Scheduled Week 3 of Semester 2.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Fill in Club Carnival Microsoft Form.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Creating materials for club carnival.

### UniLan
- James advertised.

### Atlassian
- Connacted and called them this morning. Went well.
- Best to hold it Week 4/5 in the Tuesday Training session.
    - Jesse doesn't want it to be during the session itself. Would rather replace our Friday session.
    - According to Trung we need to show good member engagement to maintain our sponsership.
    - MOTION: Replace our Week 4 Tuesday Training session with Atlassian Talk.
        - For: 5 Against: 1
        - Passes.
    - ACTION: @James : To confirm our talk time and plan more of the event i.e., food.
    - ACTION: @Shalini : Do EMP for Atlassian Tech Talk.
    - ACTION: @Trung : Look into catering options for Atlassian Tech Talk.
    - ACTION: @Sophie, @Sersang, @Chloe : Do marketing for Atlassian Tech Talk.
    - Atlassian will be sending 2 reps talking about general career advice and workshop regarding Atlassian products. Will be provide merch and food.

## Training Sessions
- Schedule for Training Sessions in semester 2 is being currently done by Jesse.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post about semester 2 outline for training sessions - next week.
- ACTION: @Shalini : EMP for semester 2 training sessions.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Put the new training sessions into calendar and weekly competition dates and club carnival.


## Previous Action Items
* ACTION @Jesse (President) : Continue clubroom.
    * Ongoing
* ACTION @Jesse (President) : Post about competition this week if possible
    * Done
* ACTION @Shalini (Secretary) : Do EMPs for the holiday training sessions
    * Done
* ACTION @Sersang (OCM) : Do Facebook post for the holiday training sessions
* ACTION @Trung (Treasurer) : Create and open club Paypal account.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary) : Attend SOPAC Meeting
    * Done by Trung
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Organise the Atlassian talk.
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Think about how to prepare for club room allocation.
    * Ongoing


## Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse : Fill in Club Carnival Microsoft Form.
- ACTION: @James : To confirm our talk time and plan more of the event i.e., food.
- ACTION: @James : Book in room for Atlassian Tech Talk.
- ACTION: @Shalini : Do EMP for Atlassian Tech Talk.
- ACTION: @Trung : Look into catering options for Atlassian Tech Talk.
- ACTION: @Sophie, @Sersang, @Chloe : Do marketing for Atlassian Tech Talk.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Creating materials for club carnival.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post about semester 2 outline for training sessions - next week.
- ACTION: @Shalini : EMPs for semester 2 training sessions.
- ACTION: @Sophie : Put the new training sessions into calendar and weekly competition dates and club carnival.
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) : Think about how to prepare for club room allocation.
- ACTION: @James F (Vice prez) : Organise the Atlassian talk.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post about ICPC preliminary registrations.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:04PM

### Digressions: 
