# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-06-19

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Meeting Pod 101 Ezone
- Time: 3:30 - 4:30PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 3:36PM

Present: Jesse (President), James (VP) Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP), Sophie (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Reimburse Conor $193.60 for Digital Ocean Top-up
    - Passed, 7 agreed, 1 abstained.
- MOTION: Reimburse Jesse $149.92 for ANZAC 4 pizza
    - Passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- SOCPAC
    - Semester grants were due on the 16th
        - Has been submitted by Trung.
    - Club Carnival will be happening 8/08, will need to register by 28/07.
        - Guild will not be providing marquees.
            - Sophie has marquee from memory.
- Tenancy
    - Any keys lost will be the club's responsibilty. 
        - Claudia will be looking into finding another key for us.
    - Club room allocations will open mid-July. 
    - ACTION: @ Jesse : Think about how to prepare for club allocation.
- Locker/Busy Bee
    - Busy Bee will occur on 20th, but actually happened 13th.
        - Occurred earlier due to conlficts in scheduling.
    - Locker inspection occured. Talked with Claudia, our locker was fine.
- Talked to Max and Tim French about winter holiday training plans.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- James left the call?

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Reached out to UWASCA treasurer regarding Charity Vigil, no response yet :cry:
- Reimbursed Conor for Digital Ocean Top-up
- Submitted Semester Grant

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Posted announcement on Discord to let everyone know that there's no training sessions until after exams

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Worked on the site (no major updates)

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Absent

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Absent

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## Events


## General Business
## Atlassian
- Need to reply to Atlassian's email.
- ACTION: @James : Organise the Atlassian talk.


## Winter Holiday Training Sessions
- Priority number one: Get the site working, figure out how to get problems up. 
    - ACTION: @Conor @Jesse : Look into posting problem sets on our website and create weekly competition.
- Different times:
    - Moving Study & Solve Friday sessions to Thursday replacing Gozz's Intro to Programming sessions.
    - ACTION: @Shalini : Create EMP for new Study & Solve.
- Talked to Max and Tim French ab Winter Holiday Training Sessions
    - Normal Tuesday Trainings, however the nature of these sessions will be Max providing hard solutions, which will be solved the following week.
    - Aiming to holding a contest every week on Fridays.
        - May have dinner + debrief after these contests.
        - Will start next week.
        - ACTION: @Jesse : Will post first Max's Hard Question this week.
        - ACTION: @Jesse : Book in earlier time slot for Tuesday Training sessions.

## UNSW Training Group
- UNSW Programming Coordinator is running a training camp, have inivited PCS to attend.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post invite from UNSW Training Group to discord and FB.



## Previous Action Items
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM): Fix website
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Reimburse Jesse for ANZAC pizza ($149.92 AUD)
    * Ongoing
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Send pizza receipt to Trung. Put it in the finance channel.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Give back money to money box for Top UWA Team prize to Trung ($90)
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Attend SOCPAC Meeting 30/05
    * Done
* ACTION: @Jesse (President)  : Talk to Dr Ward, Dr French and Goxx re holiday sessions.
    * Done
* ACTION: @Chloe (Fresher Rep)  : Let everyone that no more sessions happening until exams are done.
    * Done


## Action Items
- ACTION: @ Jesse : Think about how to prepare for club allocation.
- ACTION: @James : Organise the Atlassian talk.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Will post first Max's Hard Question this week.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Book in earlier time slot for Tuesday Training sessions.
- ACTION: @Shalini : Create EMP for new Study & Solve.
- ACTION: @Conor @Jesse : Look into posting problem sets on our website and create weekly competition.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Post invite from UNSW Training Group to discord and FB.


## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 3:53PM

### Digressions: 
