# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-01-09

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:04PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Sersang (OCM), Sophie (OCM), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent: Chloe (Fresher Rep)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Approve the subcom regs uncharity vigil
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAINED: 1
    - Passed.

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Talked to IMC rep with James
- Followed up on Atlassian sponsorship

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Uncharity vig
- Talked to IMC rep

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Invoiced Atlassian for sponsorship

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Submitted O-Day stall form

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Not here.

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Fixed the website. (For real this time)
- Continuing to look into more sustainable mail providers long term
    - Currently (and previously) we just used the gmail API, however this is very unstable and Google has plans to change it in the future
    - Looking into setting up Mailersend

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Uncharity vig

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- nothing to report

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## General Business
### Uncharity Vigil
- Traditionally done on either the first or second week of Febuary. 
- The date has been decided by the Uncharity subcom to be 3rd - 4th Feb.
- MOTION: Accept proposed Uncharity vigil date.
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passed unanimously
- ACTION: @James : Start working on UnProgramming contest.
- The budget and cost split has been the same as previous years. Shared profit is split, our profit is ours.
- MOTION: Budget $50 per club for raffle for Uncharity Vigil.
     - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
     - Passed unanimously

### PCS Website
- Conor wants to do some updates to the website.
- The current mail provider (Gmail API) is not sustainably long-term due to change in third-party stuff. Is looking into alternatives. 
    - The website should have its own email rather than using the PCS Gmail.
- Logging into the PCS Gmail requires using Bitwarden to access the 2-FA code.
- Our GitHub will need 2-FA soon, so keeping Bitwarden even when we move from Gmail API is useful.
    - ACTION: @Conor : Set up 2-FA on Github

### IMC Sponsorship
- Willing to sponsor a round of competition which can be the normal ANZAC competition. Considering the competition scheduled for March.
- IMC will only give money for the cash prizes at the competition, but not for food/drink budget. Prize will also include IMC merch and a 5 minute talk by one of their reps at start of competition.
- IMC wants to present the prize at the end as well job opportunities. 
- Accept sponsorship but don't send invoice just yet as details for competition need to be confirmed.
- MOTION: To accept IMC sponsorship for first competition that PCS hosts in 2024.
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0 , ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passed unanimously
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask Tim French about when the dates of the ANZAC competition will be released as if sprints will be done again.

### More Sponsorships
- Conor has sent contact details of relevant companies.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Contact through email the Optiver contact.
- ACTION: @James : Contact through email one of the other contacts.

## Previous Action Items
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM) @Trung (Treasurer) : Buy Bitward Premium to set up 2FA for Gmail.
    - Done
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Ask Westpac about JourneyOne Sponsorship Money not being transferred to us yet.
    - Done
* ACTION: @Conor (OCM) : Ask MathsUnion and UPS for sponsorship contacts.
    - Done
* ACTION: @James F (Vice prez)  @Jesse (President) : Zoom call with IMC tomorrow to speak about sponsorship.
    - Done
* ACTION: @Trung (Treasurer)  : Prepare invoice in case for IMC sponsorship.
    - Done 
* ACTION: @Shalini (Secretary)  : O-Day Registration for PCS.
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Conor : Set up 2-FA on Github
- ACTION: @James : Start working on UnProgramming contest.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask Tim French about when the dates of the ANZAC competitions will be released as if sprints will be done again.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Contact through email the Optiver contact.
- ACTION: @James : Contact through email one of the other contacts.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:31PM

### Digressions: 
