# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2023-01-23

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 6:02PM

Present: Jesse(President), James (VP), Trung (Treasurer), Shalini (Secretary), Chloe (Fresher Rep), Conor (OCM)

Apologies: Alan (IPP)

Absent: Sersang (OCM), Sophie (OCM)

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: To approve new uncharity vigil 2024 cost split wording ha-ahem
    "All budgeted and approved costs are to be distributed evenly among the participating clubs.
    Any unforeseen or unbudgeted losses are to be distributed by negotiation within subcommitee in consultation with club treasurers with the objective of minimising harm to participating clubs.
    Any such distribution is subject to final approval from participating club committees.
    If negotiations fail to reach a distribution that is accepted by club committees, the subcommittee will approach the Guild to mediate further negotiations between the participating clubs."

    The difference is the final sentence- before the wording said things would immediately go to guild, now it adds that 'if negotions fail' bit.
    - For: 6; Against: 0; Abstained: 1
    - Passed.

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Messaged a few more companies for sponsorships. Optiver replied.
- Working on local contests for PCS.

### Vice Pres's report (James)
- Messaged Jane street, received no response. 
- Charity vigil problems and meetings.

### Treasurer's report (Trung)
- Nothing to report.

### Secretary's report (Shalini)
- Nothing to report.

### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)
- Attended Jane Street event last week. Has received a contact email, which will be shared to James. :clap::clap:

### OCM's report (Conor)
- Looked further into email options for the site
  - Set up mailersend account
  - Mailersend charges for overusage
    - I'll have to set up ratelimiting to make sure this doesn't happen
    - But the site crashes if it fails to send an email - will probably need to fix a problem in the underlying DMOJ software
  - Reach out to mailersend for sponsorship (free emails)
- Set up 2FA for GitHub

### OCM's report (Sersang)
- Absent.

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Absent.

### IPP report (Alan)
- Recurring apologies.


## General Business
### O-Day Payment
- We need to pay for the O-Day stall, and Trung needs someone from executive committee to sign the slip.
- ACTION @Trung @James: organise a time to sign pink slip and pay for O-Day stall.

### Optiver Sponsorship
- Willing to sponsor a Silver, and their proposed event is a colloboration with other UWA clubs that they're sponsored with. 
    - Our sponsorship design is that only Gold+ sponsors are able to hold events/talks.
    - James is in favour of taking the sponsorship at Silver, but Jesse wants to keep consistency with our sponsorship prospectus.
    - Trung, Shalini, Conor and Chloe agree to take the sponsorship.
    - MOTION: To agree to Optiver's sponsorship by proposing a custom package at the cost of $300 with the benefits of promoting hiring opportunites x2 yearly, advertising for event, and advertising on website.
    - For: 5, Against: 0, Abstain: 1.
    - Passes.
- ACTION: @Jesse : To reply to Optiver's contact with custom package proposal.

### URC Networking Event
- Wants to host Networking Expo this year late April/early May. 
- URC is willing to do bulk-work for logisitcs and organising. Reaching out to PCS to see if they want to hold a stall and bring in a sponsor to the event.
- This is most likely something that the new committee will organise based on the date.


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Conor : Set up 2-FA on Github
    - Done.
- ACTION: @James : Start working on UnProgramming contest.
    - Ongoing.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Ask Tim French about when the dates of the ANZAC competitions will be released as if sprints will be done again.
    - Ongoing - Tim has not replied, will ask Max instead.
- ACTION: @Jesse : Contact through email the Optiver contact.
    - Done.
- ACTION: @James : Contact through email one of the other contacts.
    - Done.

## Action Items
- ACTION: @Trung @James: organise a time to sign pink slip and pay for O-Day stall.
- ACTION: @Jesse : To reply to Optiver's contact with custom package proposal.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:35PM

### Digressions: 
