---
title: meeting 2026-06-28

---

---
title: meeting 2026-06-28

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2026-06-28

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: 01:00PM



 

## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: _13:55_

Present: Aidin(President), Alec(Vice-President), Josh(Treasurer), Nic(OCM), Phelix (OCM)

Apologies: 

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to budget 117 for catering on 23/05/2026 AllUNI
    - For: 5 Against: 0 Abstaining: 0
    - Passes unanimously

## Reports

### Presidents Report (Aidin)
- Emailed Westpac many times to arrange handover, No response. I'll have to go in person.
- Contacted previous President about the current google SSO acc needing two factor:
    - Tried logging into Digital Ocean to see what's up with the website.
- AllUNI:
    - Attended as an Invigilator.
    - Organised merch distribution.
    - Organised catering.
    - Organised room booking.
- SPAR 5:
    - Made announcement on discord.
    - Organised room booking.

### Vice Presidents Report (Alec)
- Made posts for AllUni on instagram & discord
- Applied to get a room

### Secretarys Report (Fiona)

### Treasurers Report (Josh)

- SOC semester grant submitted, awaiting reply/acceptance.

### Fresh Reps report (Ritz)

### OCMs report (Nic)


### OCMs report (Wes)

### OCMs report (Phelix)
nothing

## Events


### Training Sessions and Workshop Sessions

- No training sessions have yet occured during the break.
- Start on the term, will organise topics.

### SPAR 5

- Occured, had pretty low attendance due to being mid break.
- Also it was brought forward by a week suddenly.

### SPAR 6
- 18th of July. Need a room booking, and announcement two weeks out.
- We should boost attendance by announcing sooner and more frequently.

## General Business

### Leture Bashing (but for legal reasons not _quite_)

- We need an EMP for lecture bashing now.
- Should make a list of classes/professors who we can contact to get more people on board. 
- 

### Two factor on the google account

- Is anyones phone blowing up with access requests?
- We have figured out the mystery


Action Items
---
### Previous Action Items

- N/A

### Action Items
ACTION - @Alec (Vice President) - Decide on schedule for start of sem engagement
    - Weekly workshops schedule & content
    - O-Day 


ACTION - @Josh (Treasurer) - Find the dates available to attend professors lectures.
    - find units and lecture times
    - email unit co's 

-ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Look into themes for website front facing. (Find something not tacky)
~~ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Go to the westpac branch and see what's up.~~
~~-ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Forward SLT to Alec.~~

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _13:35_

### Digressions: 
_wr're cooked_
_We need league of legends to run on Linux systems. This is a goal of the society. - Aidin Pres._
__