---
title: 'minutes:15/03/2026'

---

---
title: 2026-03-15

---
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2026-03-15

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online / Ezone 
- Time: 18:00



## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: 18:18pm

Present: Aidin (President), Fiona (Secretary), Phelix (OCM), Wesley (OCM), Nic (OCM), Ritz (Fresher Rep)

Apologies:

Absent: Alec (Vice-President),  Josh(Treasurer)

Late Arrival:

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to budget $100 for catering on 06/03/2026 PCS AGM
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
        - Unanimously Pass
- Motion to budget $91.55 for catering on 14/03/2026 SPAR 1
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
        - Unanimously Pass

## Reports

### Presidents Report (Aidin)
- Weekly Workshop
    - Organised venue
- SPAR 1
    - Attended.
    - Organised venue.
    - Organised catering.
    - Only got four questions goodness me that's not great.
- Responded to two student emails to get them to join the club.
- Currently at committee meeting #1 at time of writing.



### Vice Presidents Report (Alec)
- Weekly Workshop
    - Led each week.
- SPAR 1
    - Attended.
- Website work the G


### Secretarys Report (Fiona)
- attended meeting #1

### Treasurers Report (Josh)
- nothing to report.

### Fresh Reps report (Ritz)
- Attended a meeting on Mar 15
- Attended weekly workshop

### OCMs report (Nic)
- Attended workshop + SPAR 1 + first meeting woo!

### OCMs report (Wes)
- Went to weekly workshop
- Attended meeting #1

### OCMs report (Phelix)
- Attended #1 workshop
- Spar #1
    - Attended
    - Only did 2 questions, exceded expectations by 1 question. Question B, Alchol percentage and Question K, Sheep.
- Attended #1 Committe meeting 

## Previous Action Items


## Recurring

### Workshops

- Workshop on 25th Mar.
- Workshop difficult SPAR questions with the vitcims.
- Needed a new room, Timetables is not working.



## Events

### SPAR 1

Attendance: 12
- The event went well, even got someone from high school.
- Improvements:
    - Getting dedicated computer room.
    - Explain rules in announcement (can bring notes).
    - Actually posting
    - Vetting announcements before they're posted, accidental slipup with SPARs 2025 sub domain contest.sppcontest.
    - Slide/Banner for starting the contest. Contains what to do.


### SPAR 2

- Occuring April 1st, will the contest be a joke?
- Room & EMP booking.
- Only a sprint.
- Need to change poster design for SPAR. Member were purportedly confused about the times as they were in eastern time.

### SPAR 3

- Occuring April 18th, directly after.
- Will be a full contest.
- Will require catering.



## General Business

### Handover
- Were still missing some Execs from haivng the bitwarden.
- We need to the passwords

### ERF Submission
- Due date is next friday.
- Treasurer Training is also due next friday.
- Conflicting statements from the guild.
    - Treasurer Training 2026 slides demand two past exec signatures.
    - ERF guide only demands one with a suitable reason.
    - Will need to contact the guild in regard to this.

### Westpac Account Handover

- Go over previous AGM minutes and include full legal names of new signatories.
- After guild issues the new Execs we will need to vote for the old signatories to be removed and the new signatories to be added.



## Action Items
- ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Hunt down previous Exec/Email guild about actions to circumvent the final signature.
- ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Email Westpac Regarding accounts handover.
- ACTION - @Josh (Treasurer) - Look at treasurer training 2026.
- ACTION - @Committee - Send GitHub and Facebook usernames to Aidin.
- ACTION - @Aidin (President) - Organise EMP and room booking for SPAR 2 before the 20th March.
- ACTION - @Fiona (Secretary) - Organise EMP and room booking for SPAR 3
- ACTION - @Phelix (OCM) - To edit SPAR annoucements to perth time
- ACTION - @Fiona (Secretary) - Organise the next meeting


## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: _18:49_

### Digressions: 

_Talking to fiona about rescheduling meetings to a different time to ensure more Execs can show up._

_You can bring up anything you want for the committee meetings. The president isn't the say all end all of decisions for the club, if you have something you want to add please do._

