# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-03-08

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: Online
- Time: 6PM

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 5:35PM

Present: Jesse(President), Josh(Vice-President), Zachary(OCM), Aaron(Treasurer), Aidin(OCM), Jordan(OCM), Chris(Secretary)

Apologies: 

Absent: 

## Handover of Accounts

- Struggling to log into the gmail
- Struggling to log into facebook
- Excessive swearing
- More swearing

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)


### Vice Pres's report (Josh)


### Treasurer's report (Aaron)


### Secretary's report (Chris)



### Fresh Rep's report (Chloe)



### OCM's report (Conor)



### OCM's report (Sersang)



### OCM's report (Sophie)



### IPP report (Alan)



## General Business



### Bitwarden and sites access


### Delegation of work
- Split into two teams. 
- One for marketing and one for event booking.
- Josh and Zach will do the booking.
- Chris and Aidin will do the marketing.
- ACTION: @Aidin to check facebook regularly.


### IMC event: Sign up form, Room Booking, Pizza pick up, Invoice for prize money
- ACTION: @Josh to book Ezone social.
- ACTION: @Aaron to get the invoice of the prize money.

### Optiver Event
- ACTION: @Josh to do the google search.


### Reimbursements


### Regular Meeting Times
- Everyone's happy with 5:30PM - 6:30PM Tuesdays. 

### Uncharity Vigil
- Committee does not wish to participate. 

### PCS Website



### More Sponsorships

### Club Carnival
- Secretary signed us up from last term
- Jesse does not want to do it. We've already had O-Day so doesn't see much returns from it. 
- MOTION: withdraw from carnival.
    - FOR: 6, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes unanimously.

## Previous Action Items


## Action Items

- Get access to google
- ACTION: @Aidin to check facebook regularly.
- ACTION: @Josh to book Ezone social.
- ACTION: @Aaron to get the invoice of the prize money.
- ACTION: @Josh to do the google search.

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 6:20PM

### Digressions: 
