# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-06-18

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 103 Ezone
- Time: 18th June 2024 Tue

## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: 18ï¼š03

Present: Jesse(President), Josh (Vice-President),  Aidin (OCM), Jalil (Fresher Rep), Chris (Secretary)

Apologies: Zach (OCM), Aaron (Treasurer), Jordan (OCM)

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- No circular motions


## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Went to SOCPAC 


### Vice Pres's report (Josh)
- Booked the room. 
- Did the last few leetcode contests. 

### Secretary's report (Chris)
- Post Optiver's announcement.(Discord)
### Treasurer's report (Aaron)
- Sent in Semester Grant 

### Fresh Rep's report (Jalil)
- Got destroyed for exam
- Nothing from me
- didn't cheat

### OCM's report (Aidin)

- Post Optiver's announcement. (facebook)

### OCM's report (Jordan)
- Apologies

### OCM's report (Zac)
- Apologies


### IPP report 

## Events



### SPAR 5 
- Happening on 6/7/2024
- Josh has booked CSSE 1.24
- ACTION: @Jessie make the EMP.
- Budget will have to be done via circular. 
- ACTION: @Chris make sure post the announcement before 28th June.(like the post on 27/2/2024 in channel annoucement)
- MOTION: Budget $300 for prize money, food and printing costs for ANZAC 5
    - FOR: 4, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes

## General Business
- ACTION: @Josh (Vice-President) Sign up and complete the Student Leadership Training.
### Jesse
- I will be going on leave from the 24-30th of June. 
- Josh will in charge. 

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse (President) ask Rodja about cards.(Done)
- ACTION: @Chris(Secretary) s bring minutes declaring signees for account just in case.(Done) 
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  @Josh (Vice-President)  @Chris(Secretary)  @Aaron (Treasurer)  bring IDs.(Done)
- ACTION: @Josh (Vice-President)  help out with 2fa. Done. Asked him. 
- ACTION: @Jesse (President)  ask about new application. Done, reapplication has to be made, we will keep our locker for now. 
### Action Items
- ACTION: @Jessie make the EMP.
- ACTION: @Chris make sure post the announcement before 28th June.(like the post on 27/2/2024 in channel annoucement)
- ACTION: @Josh (Vice-President) Sign up and complete the Student Leadership Training.
## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: 18:24
### Digressions: 