# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-04-30

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 1.24 CSSE
- Time: 30th April 2024 Tue

## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: 17：33

Present: Jesse(President), Aaron(Treasurer), Chris(Secretary), Aidin(OCM), Jordan(OCM),Josh(Vp), Zac(OCM), Jalil (Fresher Rep)

Apologies:

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- Motion to reimburse Trung Pham for DigitalOcean payment of $50.85
    - FOR: 8, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes
## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Went to SPAR 4
- Took the session along with Chris on graph algorithms. 
- Also organised next training with Max. 

### Vice Pres's report (Josh)
- Took lecture on greedy algorithms 
- I'll do slt

### Treasurer's report (Aaron)
- Attend the SPAR 4.
- Organize another session for Westpac
### Secretary's report (Chris)
- Attend the SPAR 4.
- Did the training session along with Jesse .
- Posted the training session on Discord.

### Fresh Rep's report (Jalil)
- Nothing to add

### OCM's report (Aidin)
- Attended SPAR 4.
- Posted the training session on Facebook.
### OCM's report (Jordan)
- Attended SPAR 4
- Absolutely destroyed Conor in SPAR 4

### OCM's report (Zac)
- Went to SPAR 4
- Helped team win (didn't code alot just thought for 5 hours)
- Helped Jordan destory Conor

### IPP report 

## Events

## General Business

### Training Session 7/5/2024
- DAG algorithms, topo sort, SCCs, 2SAT. 
- @Chris Posted the training session on Discord.

### Set up 2fa. 
- Struggling...
- Action: @Zachary to contact Conor

## Previous Action Items

- Action: @Aaron organize another session for Westpac(Done)
- Action: @Josh @Chris whoevers team performs worse on the next Anzac has to go to student leadership training(Chris Win!)
- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for ANZAC 4(Done)
### Action Items
- @Chris Posted the training session on Discord.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: 17:41
### Digressions: 