# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-03-26

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 1.17 CSSE
- Time: 26th March 2024 Mon

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 17：40

Present: Jesse(President), Aaron(Treasurer), Chris(Secretary), Aidin(OCM), Jalil (Fresher Rep),Jordan(OCM),Josh(Vp), Zac(OCM)

Apologies:

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- MOTION: Budget $150 in prize money for the SPAR this Wednesday 27th mar
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes unanimously.

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Took second half of complexity talk.
- Went to SPAR 2.
- Asked to book CSSE 1.24 for the rest of semester for our training session.

### Vice Pres's report (Josh)
- Booked rooms for this weeks and next weeks training sessions and this weeks spar. 
- Went to spar 2. Beat Jesse #ezpz
### Treasurer's report (Aaron)
- Collected the money for SPAR.
- went to SPAR 2
### Secretary's report (Chris)
- Asked Gozz and posted training session on Discord.
### Fresh Rep's report (Jalil)
- Ordered pizzas.
- Went to SPAR 2.
### OCM's report (Aidin)
- Posted events to Facebook and Discord.
- Went to SPAR 2.
### OCM's report (Jordan)
- Posted about Gozz's training session last Friday
### OCM's report (Zac)
- Gave an amazing lecture 
- Did not go to the spar
### IPP report 

## Events

### IMC SPAR 3
- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for SPAR 3 and give to Chris.
- ACTION: @Chris bring the money to SPAR.

### Reimbursements
- MOTION: Reimburse Sersang Yangdon Ngedun 35.42 dollars for AGM catering, Trung Pham 87.17 dollars for Digital Ocean Top-up and Sophie Mowe 80 dollars for AGM catering.
    - FOR: 8, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Pass.


### Westpac handover (27/3)
- Happen tomorrow 11:00am, Josh will be absent.

### Training Session for Sorting + Searching(9/4)
- ACTION: @Chris ask Max what the topic will be and post on Discord.
- ACTION: @Chris post on Discord and Facebook that no training session next week.
### Tim wants a presentation for SPAR
- Josh and Jesse think it is unnecessary. 
- ACTION: @Josh check Discord usually (he does) next week.
## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Jalil order and pickup pizzas from west perth for tommorrow.(Done)
- ACTION: @Aaron reimburse Sophie, Sersang and Trung for payment made last year. (Ongoing)
- ACTION: @Aaron to do treasurer training, email SOCPAC. (Ongoing)
- ACTION: @Chris ask Gozz what exactly he plans for the topic, and post on Discord.(Done)
- ACTION: @Josh book room for SPAR 3. (Done)
- ACTION: @Chris post the event on Discord.(Done)
- ACTION: @Aidin post the event on Discord.(Done)
- ACTION: @Aaron go to SOCPAC Meeting.
## Action Items
- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for SPAR 3 and give to Chris.
- ACTION: @Chris bring the money to SPAR.
- ACTION: @Chris ask Max what the topic will be and post on Discord.
- ACTION: @Chris post on Discord and Facebook that no training session next week.
- ACTION: @Josh check Discord usually (he does) next week.
- ACTION: @Aaron go to SOCPAC Meeting.
## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: 18:05
### Digressions: 