# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-04-16

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 1.24 CSSE
- Time: 16th April 2024 Tue

## Opening:

    _Meeting Opened_: 17：41

Present: Jesse(President), Aaron(Treasurer), Chris(Secretary), Aidin(OCM), Jalil (Fresher Rep),Jordan(OCM),Josh(Vp), Zac(OCM)

Apologies:

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- None

## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Went to Westpac meeting for handover of bank details. 
- Handed over cash for prize money for ANZAC 3. 

### Vice Pres's report (Josh)

- Did not go to bank handover
- Did Anzac 
- Organised Anzac handing out problem sheets, answering questions and handing out prize money 

### Treasurer's report (Aaron)
- Went to Westpac handover
- Completed Treasurer Training
- Went to SOCPAC

### Secretary's report (Chris)
- Went to Westpac meeting for handover of bank details.
- Did Anzac.
- Post session details on Discord.

### Fresh Rep's report (Jalil)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Aidin)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Jordan)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Zac)
- Ran a great session - Complete Search aka Brute Force
- Created a sudoku solver ~ 30 minutes

### IPP report 

## Events

### SPAR 4
- Book room. Done, Josh send email. Done 
- MOTION: Budget $300 for prize money, food and printing costs for ANZAC 4
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 1
    - Passes
- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for ANZAC 4
### ICPC World Finals Viewing 
- Committee is busy. We won't do viewing session. 

## General Business

### Training Session 23/4/2024
- Josh will taking session

### Set up 2fa. 
- Action: @Zachary set up 2fa with bitwarden authentication codes for Google account. 

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for SPAR 3 and give to Chris.(Done)
- ACTION: @Chris bring the money to SPAR.(Done)
- ACTION: @Chris ask Max what the topic will be and post on Discord.(Done)
- ACTION: @Chris post on Discord and Facebook that no training session next week.(Done)
- ACTION: @Josh check Discord usually (he does) next week.(Done)
- ACTION: @Aaron go to SOCPAC Meeting.(Done)

### Action Items
- Action: @Aaron organize another session for Westpac
- Action: @Josh @Chris whoevers team performs worse on the next Anzac has to go to student leadership training
- ACTION: @Aaron to collect prize money for ANZAC 4


## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_: 18:10
### Digressions: 