---
title: Untitled

---

# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2024-07-23
 - Meeting Opened: 6:05PM
 - Present: Jesse, Aaron, Aidin, Jordan, Jalil, Chris
 - Apologies: Aidin
 - Absent:

## Circular Motions
- Motion: Budget $20 for marquee maintanence supplies
    - FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - passes.

## President's report
- Went to Club Carnival.
- Sent in (re)application for our locker. 
- Cleaned the marquee. (Soaked in Bleached).
- Went to SPAR 7. Gave some prize money out. 
- Booked room for SPAR 8. 
- Booked room for training for rest of semester. 

## Vice Pres's report

- went to club carnival, convinced lots of people to join club
- did spar 
- made team for icpc
- missed slt meeting (whoops...)

## Treasurer's report
- went to club carnival
- collected money for SPAR

## Secretary's report
- Went to club carnival
- Did SPAR and made team for ICPC

## Fresh Rep's report
- Went to end of club carnival 

## OCM's report: Aidin

## OCM's report: Zachary
- missed club carnival
- did spar

## OCM's report: Jordan
- Went to club carnival
- Made draft form for shirts
- Decided on using spreadshirts for the shirts

## Events

### SPAR 7
- Jesse gave $40 for fresher prize, $30 for top team, received $10 for membership. 
    - ACTION: @Jesse return $90 to Treasurer. 

### SPAR 8
- MOTION: Budget $150 for prize money, $150 for pizza, and $10 for printing. 
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - passes.

### Club Carnival
- big success
- 10+ signups. 

## General Business

### Shirts
- ACTION: @Jordan Put up an announcement for shirts orders


### OGM
- Need to do an OGM for Jesse to resign.
- Jesse will try stay on as IPP. 
- Someone needs to take the Marquee home. Josh nominates himself if need be. 
- Need to sort out bank handover for Westpac. Aaron be aware of that. 
- ACTION: @Chris post the OGM on Discord
## Previous Action Items
 - Training Session Action Items: @Jesse organise training sessions.(done)
 - Short Term Action Items: @Jesse @Aidin Print off flyers, and buy ring for Marquee.(done)
## Action Items 
- ACTION: @Jesse return $90 to Treasurer. 
- ACTION: @Jordan Put up an announcement for shirts orders
- ACTION: @Chris post the OGM on Discord
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:

 - Meeting Closed: 6:31