# UWA Programming Competition Society Annual General Meeting 2024-03-06

## Opening
* *Date*: 05/03/2024
* *Time*: 16:30 - 18:30 (AGM Opened: 5:36PM)
* *Venue*: EZONENTH: [210] Learning Studio

## Attendance

| First Name    | Last Name      | Student Number | Financial Member (Yes/No) |
| ------------- | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------- |
| Michael       | Nefiodovas     | 22969312       | No                        |
| Conor         | Bennett        | 23345418       | Yes                       |
| Qianhui       | Jin            | 24346999       | Yes                       |
| Gengjie       | Li             | 23660365       | Yes                       |
| Trung         | Pham           | 23390071       | Yes                       |
| Keiran        | Smith          | 24315484       | Yes                       |
| James         | Frayne         | 23372032       | Yes                       |
| Christian     | Wood           | 23062991       | Yes                       |
| Max           | Ward           | N/A            | Yes                       |
| Sersang       | Ngedup         | 23599356       | Yes                       |
| Frank         | Wang           | 23631069       | No                        |
| Chloe         | Chang          | 23722854       | Yes                       |
| Jordan        | Fisker         | 23379304       | Yes                       |
| Joshua        | Shipton        | 23192823       | Yes                       |
| Dhanush       | Gowda          | 24245807       | No                        |
| Jalil         | Inayat-Hussain | 22751096       | No                        |
| Jeannette     | Truong         | 23125888       | No                        |
| Zachary       | Cheng          | 23279828       | Yes                       |
| Yuchen        | Wang           | 23769386       | Yes                       |
| Andrew        | Gozzard        | N/A            | Yes                       |
| Aidin Bronson | Fenwick        | 23800978       | Yes                       |
| Jesse         | Zhao           | 22465982       | Yes                       |
| Shalini       | Mohan          | 22977214       | Yes                       |
| Aaron         | Gibson-John    | 23358895       | Yes                       |
| Chao          | Ding           | 24094053       | No                        |
| Xia           | Cheng          | 24061397       | No                        |
| Sophie        | Mowe           | 23197128       | Yes                       |


*Total Attendees*: 28
*Total Voters*: 19

## Outgoing Committee Final Reports
### President - Jesse Zhou
*  Been a good year, and general attendance has increased from previous year.
*  More attendance, participation, and engagement at training sessions and contests.
*  More sponsors compared to the year before allowing for prize money for competitions.
*  Loved being president, enjoyed the experience. 


### Vice-President - James Frayne
*  Joined in 2021 and has been nice to watch the community growth over the years. In 2021 had a lack of long term members, which has changed over the years. 
*  Reflects that he has been a good VP due to running events and training sessions, as well as generally participated in club activities.

### Treasurer - Trung Pham
* Has prepared a slideshow:
    * ANZAC/SPAR Prizes Spent (OUT): $600
    * Sponsor funds (IN): $1250
        * Offset expediture on competition prizes.
    * Reimbursable expenses (N/A): $1,500
        * Most cost due to rebuilding of website.
    * Stayed at the same financial position as last year.
    
### Secretary - Shalini Mohan
* Enjoyed experience.
* Enjoyed working with Jesse and other committee members.
* Wishes luck for new Secretary.

### Fresher Representative - Chloe Chang
* Was more involved in S1 compared S2.
* Involved in Charity Vigil, and a few competitions.
* Enjoyed working with Jesse and other committee members.
* Wishes luck for new Fresher Rep.

### Ordinary Committee Member - Conor Bennett
* Worked on competition website and worked until mid S2.
    * Broken current due to bots.
    * Will be fixed, and learned a lot from fixing it in the first place.
* Encourages people to join committee to gain new experiences.

### Ordinary Committee Member - Sersang Yangdon Ngedup
* Did the most of the marketing for the club. 
* Met new people and encourages people to join the club.

### Ordinary Commiteee Member - Sophie Mowe
* Updated prospectus (Canva Wizard) to get new sponsors.

## New Committee Elections
### MOTION: James Frayne - Appoint Christian Wood and Michael Nefiodovas as Returning Officers
- Seconded by Jesse Zhao.
- FOR: 17; AGAINST: 0; ABSTAINING: 2
- Passed.
- Christian Wood and Michael accept nominations.

### MOTION: James Frayne - Suspend Standing Orders
- Seconded by Trung Pham
- FOR: 19; AGAINST: 0; ABSTAINING: 0
- Passed.

### NOMINATIONS
#### President
- From Google Form:
    - None
- From AGM:
    - James Frayne (rejected nomination)
    - Chloe Chang (rejected nomination)
    - Conor Bennett (rejected nomination)
    - Zac Cheng (rejected nomination)
    - Jesse Zhao (accepted nomination)
        - Won by default.
    - Jordan Fisker (rejected nomination)
    - Joshua Shipton (rejected nomination)
    - All other 2023 committee members have rejected nominations due to various personal reasons.

#### Fresher Representative
- From Google Form:
    ~~- Ekaterina Grabovskaya (NFM)~~
    ~~- Aden Chia (NFM)~~
    ~~- Zhang Yuxuan (NFM)~~
    - All absent and non financial members.

- From AGM:
    - Aiden Fenwick (self nomination)
        - Passionate about coding, wants to meet new people at PCS.
        - Full-time UWA student.
        - Good communicator.
        - No intentions to commit to other clubs.
        - Would run for OCM if not successful.
    - Jalil Inayat-Hussain (self nomination)
        - Full-time Masters of SW; 
        - Coding for 1 1/2 years; 
        - Wants to code with other people; 
        - Works as a Mining Engineer in FIFO; 
        - And has previous club experience.
        - Good communicator.
        - No intentions to commit to other clubs.
        - Would run for OCM if not successful.

- Jalil Inayat-Hussain has won the vote.

#### Vice-President
- From Google Form:
    - Chris Wang (FM)
        - Attended almost all of the PCS competition last year - Jesse's team member;
        - Came 26th on ICPC last year;
        - C++ and C algorithms since 12 y/o - wants to help other people learn these now;
        - Wants to help Jesse with running PCS as VP.
        - 2nd Year Master of IT - don't have to attend lectures and labs. Has a part-time job.
        - Not much experience managing groups.
        - Will run as Secretary or OCM if not successful.
    ~~- Josh Shipton (FM)~~

- From AGM:
    - Josh Shipton (accepted nomination)
        - Involved in PCS since 2 years;
        - Did ICPC last year and lot of competitions last year;
        - Wants to help the club grow and get involved in competitive programming.
        - Works part-time, studies full-time and is involved with chess club.
        - No experience managing groups, but worked in ANZAC group for team-work experience.
        - Will run as OCM if not successful.

- Josh Shipton has won the vote.
        
#### Treasurer
- From Google Form:
    ~~- Ekaterina Grabovskaya (NFM)~~
    - Aaron Gibson-John (FM)
        - Studying maths and finance.
        - Will run for Secretary and OCM if not successful.
        - Is currently involved in the chess club, and wants to be involved in PCS to help the club grow.

- From AGM:
    - Chris Wang (accepted nomination)
        - Will run for Secretary and OCM if not successful.
        - As above.
    - Zac Cheng (rejected nomination)

- Aaron Gibson-John has won the vote.

#### Secretary
- From Google Form:
    ~~- Ekaterina Grabovskaya (NFM)~~
    - Chris Wang (FM)
        - As above.
    - Mahit Gupta (FM) - absent from AGM.
    ~~- Aaron Gibson-John (FM)~~

- From AGM:
    - None

- Chris Wang has won the vote.

#### Ordinary Committee Members
- From Google Form:
    ~~- Jesse Zhou (FM)~~
    ~~- Ekaterina Grabovskaya (NFM)~~
    - Aidin Fenwick (FM)
        - Has background in theatre and communication.
        - Studying comp sci.
    ~~- Chris Wang (FM)~~
    - Mahit Gupta (FM) - absent from AGM
    ~~- Aaron Gibson-John (FM)~~
    ~~- Josh Shipton (FM)~~
    - Jordan Fisker (FM)
        - Participated in ANZACs last year, and wants to help with club.
        - Not too much time to commit to PCS.
    ~~- Zhang Yuxuan (NFM)~~

- From AGM:
    - Zac Cheng (accepted nomination)
        - Treasurer of ASEA last year, and on another committee this year.
        - Found club positions fulfilling, and wants to join PCS.
    - Chloe Chang (rejected nomination)

- Aidin Fenwick, Jordan Fisker, and Zac Cheng have won the vote.

### MOTION: Michael Nefiodovas - Reinstate Standing Orders
- FOR: 15; AGAINST: 0; ABSTAINING: 0
- Passed.

## General Business
- None.

## Closing
*Meeting Closed*: 6:38PM

## Digressions
* Jesse has returned prize money to Trung.
* Trung has a cat wallpaper.
* Conor has left the AGM early - down to 17.
