# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2024-03-11

## Venue and Time:
- Venue: 2.15 CSSE
- Time: 11th March 2024 Mon

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: 13:00

Present: Jesse Zhou (President), Aaron(Treasurer), Aidin(OCM), Chris(Secretary), Josh(Vp), Zac(OCM), Jalil (Fresher Rep)

Apologies:

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions


## Reports

### President's report (Jesse)
- Room booked for Foundations of Programming, I also did EMP. Approved. 

### Vice Pres's report 
- Try to book the room but got an automated email. Going to see them in person on Wednesday.  

### Treasurer's report 


### Secretary's report 
- Event for weekly training added.

### Fresh Rep's report 
- Nothing.

### OCM's report 
- Leetcode.
### OCM's report 
- Codewars.
### OCM's report

### IPP report 



## Events
- ACTION: @Josh email SOCPAC with the secretary, see how withdraw from the carnival. 
### Club Carnival
- ACTION: @Josh email SOCPAC with the secretary, see how withdraw from the carnival. 

## General Business

### Westpac handover
- MOTION: Authorise Jesse Mingyang Zhou (President), Joshua Thomas Shipton (Vice-President), Aaron Gibson-John (Treasurer), Yuchen Wang (Secretary) as signatories for the UWA Programming Competition Society Westpac Account and remove James Frayne, Trung Pham, Shalini Mohan as signatories for the UWA Programming Competition Society Westpac Account.
    - FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
    - Passes unanimously.

- MOTION: Authorise Jesse Mingyang Zhou(President), Aaron Gibson-John (Treasurer) to receive and setup Westpac Club debit card and account.
    - FOR: 6, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 1
    - Passes.


### Training Session for Complexity (19/3)
- ACTION: @Zachary and @Jesse will do the session for complexity on 19th March.

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Aidin to check facebook regularly.(Ongoing)
- ACTION: @Josh to book Ezone social.(Done)
- ACTION: @Aaron to get the invoice of the prize money.(Ongoing)
## Action Items
- ACTION: @Josh email SOCPAC with the secretary, see how withdraw from the carnival.
- ACTION: @Zachary and @Jesse will do the session for complexity on 19th Mar.
- ACTION: @Aaron create invoice for IMC SPAR 2 Wed 20th Mar and reimbursements
## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed: 13:25

### Digressions: 