---
title: Untitled

---

# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2024-08-20
 - Meeting Opened: 6:05PM
 - Present: Jesse, Josh, Aaron, Aidin, Jordan, Chris
 - Apologies: 
 - Absent:Jalil

## Circular Motions
- Motion: Budget a maximum of $240 to purchase 10 PCS shirts, or less depending on number of orders
    - FOR: 5, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 2
    - passes.

## President's report
- Went to SPAR 8. 
- Gave out prizes. 
- Fulfilled action item, gave $90 to Aaron. 
- Ran training session on 13/8. Organised training for today/ 

## Vice Pres's report
- nothing to report (\^_^)//

## Treasurer's report
- collected prize money for SPAR 8

## Secretary's report
- Went to SPAR 8. 

## Fresh Rep's report


## OCM's report: Aidin
- nothing to report

## OCM's report: Zachary


## OCM's report: Jordan
- Made sign-up form for PCS T-shirts, sent announcement
    - We have 6 orders so far, 1 person may be ordering 3 though (so 8 total?)
    - Only one (1) order from committee... cmon guys
- Did not go to SPAR
- Spoke to Unigames VP about their idea

## Events

### OGM
- Friday 17:30 this week. 
- MOTION: Budget $75 for doughnuts for 🍩GM.
    - FOR: 6 , AGAINST: 1, ABSTAIN: 0
    - passes.
- (someone hates doughnuts)
- ACTION: @Aidin to pick up doughnuts on OGM, 23/8.

### Motion to transfer $600 of Westpac funds to guild account
- FOR: 7, AGAINST: 0, ABSTAIN: 0
- passes.
- ACTION: @Aaron to transfer $600 of Westpac funds to guild account.
### ICPC
- ACTION: @Jesse to do EMP on ICPC.


## General Business

### Shirts
- We now have 8 people ordering (potentially 10 shirts in total!) after Chris and Josh were guilt tripped into getting a shirt
- WARNING⚠️: multiple committee members still have not ordered a shirt (you know who you are)

### Training
- Schedule is on Google Drive, just reach out Max and Gozz to do talks (they're scheduled for it). 
- There's only 2 more formal sessions, others are optional. 

### Jesse's Resignation
- If we do elect a new President, you need to submit ERF (Executive Replacement Form). 
- ACTION: @Aaron to submit ERF.
- We have a locker, CHG2. Executives can get key. For Jordan: Can store shirts in locker. 
- Marquee will need to be taken. 
- Sponsors: Our big sponsors are Atlassian, JourneyOne, IMC, Optiver. If you choose to renew with these, you should reach out to them again. 
- Best piece of advice: Read handover document on Github. 
- Hopefully I can stay on as IPP and help for consultation. 

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: @Jesse return $90 to Treasurer. 
- ACTION: @Jordan Put up an announcement for shirts orders(done)
- ACTION: @Chris post the OGM on Discord(done)

## Action Items 
- ACTION: @Aidin to pick up doughnuts on OGM, 23/8.
- ACTION: @Aaron to transfer $600 of Westpac funds to guild account.
- ACTION: @Jesse to do EMP on ICPC.
- ACTION: @Aaron to submit ERF.
- Ongoing/Long Term Action Items: None

Meeting Closed: 6:41