# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-06-21
 - Meeting Opened: 11:19am
 - Present: Nick P, Mark, Theo, Tom, Lauren, Nic O, Max
 - Apologies: Gozz
 - Absent: Lawson

## President's report
 - Has sent apologies
## Vice Pres's report
 - Hasn't done much for the club
 - Been busy with exams, courseword etc.
## Treasurer's report
 - Also been busy with exams, and writing some kind of a thesis
## Secretary's report
 - Have also been doing exams
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Absent
## OCM's report - Nic O
 - Exams also
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Also exams
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Has actually done things
 - Started working on the new version of the site
   - New judge seems to work fine, and runs things fine
   - Server runs the judge just fine
   - Need to work on:
     - Front end UI stuff
     - Running different kinds of problems (based on different specifications)
     - Database backing
   - Max: It would be good to have our current DMOJ server fixed for the interim period
   - And have more than one server to be able to support more competitors
   - Tom: New server can theoretically support multiple servers, needs fixing though
## Special Max report
 - Been writing a thesis
 - Also been writing ICPC divisional and regional questions
## General Business
 - Tom: Contest discussion
   - I have some problems, I understand Max has some problems
   - Max: Gozz and I have come up with a bunch of problems
   - We should have enough to put up a contest soon
   - Max: You'll need to chase everyone up to get them to write problems
     - They won't do it without time pressure
 - Tom: Max has an idea to use pagerank (the google algorithm to rank web pages) to rank our members on the site
   - Which would create a really good ranking system
   - Potentially takes a while to update the rankings though
   - Max: It wouldn't be long enough to be a real issue though
   - And given the likely numbers of members we'll have, it won't be a big deal
 - Max: We really should run a contest over the break
   - Theo: What if we run two? 
   - We could have one in the third week of break, one in the last
   - People committing to writing problems prior to the third week of holidays
     - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
     - Action: Mark - Tell someone else problemn idea so they can write it
 - Max: I'll look into talking to the University of Adelaide about running another contest
 - Max: An ANZAC Round is being organised for early next semester
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
   - It's still ongoing
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it (ongoing)
   - Very much still ongoing
   - A lot of progress though
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
   - No one has responded to me yet, will find someone else
 - Action: Gozz - Advertise UCC Camp to our members
   - Done!
 - Action: Many - Whip up some easy problems at some point
   - Ongoing
## Action Items 
 - Action: Everyone - Try Week of Code
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
 - Action: Mark - Tell someone else problemn idea so they can write it
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it (ongoing)
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document

 - Meeting Closed: 11:50am
