# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-08-20
 - Meeting Opened: 1:03pm
 - Present: Gozz, Nick P, Mark, Theo, Lawson, Lauren, Tom, Max
 - Apologies: Nic O
 - Absent: N/A

## President's report
 - Was planning to do the Wednesday training session, but was held up with a PhD meeting, so Max presented instead
 - Was late to the Friday session as well (unfortunately)
 - Fixing UCC is in progress
## Vice Pres's report
 - Wrote slides for last week
 - Presented slides last week
 - Began chasing up Anna about doing a training session
 - Put through the EMP for the Charity Vigil
 - Social event is underway
## Treasurer's report
 - Have gotten all the money for shirts, it's been transferred to Lawson to buy the shirts
## Secretary's report
 - Have been too busy with other stuff
## Fresh Rep's report
 - The order for the shirts has been sent off
   - They'll be here sometime
 - Charity Vigil has been overwhelming
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Have been busy with other stuff
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Started up the next contest
   - Some people have competed
 - We've almost got enough questions for another contest
   - Which we will be able to run in a little bit
## OCM's report
## Special Max Report
 - Helped with training sessions
 - Helped with the contests
## Events
 - Training Sessions this week
   - Slides are currently being written
   - Nick P can present Friday
   - Nic O can present Wednesday
     - Wants to present with someone else
   - The topic of the presentation is Trees
     - Max will make some suggestions
   - Action: Nick P - Present Friday
   - Action: Nic O - Present Wednesday
 - Social Event
   - This Thursday (23/8)
   - Mostly organised, booking will be finalised tonight
## General Business
 - Charity Vigil
   - The charity will be decided on this week
     - Headspace seems to be the front runner
   - Finding times for meetings is difficult
   - The EMP has been done
   - Our presentations/rants:
     - Most have been claimed/assigned
 - Training Sessions - Looking ahead to future weeks
   - Nick P has been talking to Anna about whether she would like to take a training session
     - She should present on a topic she feels most confident with
   - Lauren would like to present on Geometry
   - Theo will be doing some number theory at some point
   - Nick P wants some help with writing slides at some point
 - ANZAC round
   - It's been booked
   - We need to advertise
   - Pizza can be organised, hopefully entice all sorts of members to come
   - Action: Nick P - Make a facebook event
   - Action: Theo - Send out an email announcement for the ANZAC round
 - Shirts for this year
   - Mark: would we like to try do a second run of our t-shirts this year so members can get into it now?
   - Gozz: I think that would be good, it'd be good to try and have shirts this year so members can have them ASAP
   - Mark: Would we charge a flat fee of $30 and have the club keep the slight proceeds
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Nick P, Max - Write slides for next week
   - Done
 - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
   - Happening
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
   - Hasn't gone, past the time where this would be good
 - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
   - Tom has written some, Gozz has sent some to Tom
 - Action: Theo - Talk to space, say we're not interested
   - Done
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
   - Ongoing
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
   - Need to be in UCC with Nic O, so it may take time for this to be the case
 - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
   - Working on it
## Action Items 
 - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
 - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
 - Action: Nick P - Present Friday
 - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
 - Action: Nick P - Make the facebook event for the ANZAC round
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
 - Action: Theo - Send out an email announcement for the ANZAC round
 - Action: Nic O - Present Wednesday

 - Meeting Closed: 1:35pm
