# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-04-23
 - Meeting Opened: 11:05am
 - Present: Gozz, Nick P, Mark, Theo, Nic O, Tom, Max
 - Apologies: Lauren
 - Absent: Lawson

## President's report
 - Booked a room for the World Finals Livestream event
 - Failed to book a meeting room
 - Helped Nick P organise the Unigames social event
 - Ran the world finals event on Thursday
 - Made slides for the weeks training sessions
 - Ran the Thursday training session
## Vice Pres's report
 - Last Week was the World Finals Viewing
   - It went well
 - Organised EMP for the Unigames collab event tomorrow
## Treasurer's report
 - Started making the Lecture slides for next week
   - Some progress, will be ready by next week
   - Or when we need them
## Secretary's report
 - Attempted to book a room for meetings, apparently the one in CS isn't ever available
## Fresh Rep's report
## OCM's report - Nic O
 - Was very busy, what with the World Finals and everything
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Too busy
## OCM's report
## General Business
 - Max: We need to move slides over to the shared folder
   - Action: Nic P - Move slides to shared folder
 - Nick O: All ready to order the shirts if we're ready to pay etc.
   - We'll try a trial run with the Gold shirts for the people who got this rank
     - Action: Mark - Organising Payment for the sample shirts
     - Probably as a reimbursement, Nick O will pay for the shirts then be reimbursed from the club
   - Then order some general club shirts
   - We'll change the Yellow rank on our club site to a Burnt Orange to make it a more appealing shirt
 - Nick P: Finished coordinating the Unigames collab event
   - EMP is in, everything is nicely prepared
 - Nick P: How is the next competition going?
   - Tom: Some people have expressed interest in writing questions
   - Nick P: Do we want another team contest or another Individual contest?
     - Gozz: Perhaps a Team contest where we ask people to register their teams?
     - Max: Team contests are more difficult to make though, and we have the team contest coming up with University of Melbourne.
     - Gozz: So our next contest should be an individual contest.
 - Max: The collab contest with University of Melbourne can be a standin for some of the Missing ANZAC contests
   - As there are some issues with the ANZAC contests this year
   - We might open up our current contests to let other people compete
     - We will need some more judge servers though, as the current setup won't handle the load
   - This would also help with the void created by the issues with ANZAC contests
   - Gozz: We also want to move to a new server at some point though, this could be a good precursor to this.
     - As we've been having other issues with the UCC server
     - Gozz: Does someone have a spare computer that can be used as a server?
     - Tom: I have a computer that would work well for that
     - Gozz: We can try setting up all our judges on that computer, and just fire it up when we're running a contest
     - Max: But we need at least one server for practice questions
 - Max: We need more people competing in contests.
   - What if at some point we have a contest instead of a training session?
   - Because a lot of people have been coming to training sessions but not competing
 - Max: Should we advertise our contests to the CS department in general?
   - Nick O: What about just advertising the club in general?
   - Gozz: What if the next contest is open to all comers and advertise this specifically to CS students?
   - Max: And we can get a Tim and Amitava to advertise in their lectures
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz - Make Slides for Graph Basics
   - Done
 - Action: Gozz and Theo - Book rooms for committee meetings and the livestream
   - Livestream booking succesful
   - Committee Room booking unsuccesful
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
   - Still ongoing
 - Action: NP - Organise the unigames social event
   - Done
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training
   - No announcements yet
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs
   - Postponed
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised
   - In the process
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest
   - Ongoing, just waiting on a date
## Action Items
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
 - Action: Theo - Book a meeting Room
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest

Meeting Closed: 11:44am
