# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-08-13
 - Meeting Opened: 1:09pm
 - Present: Theo, Lawson, Nic O, Tom, Max, Nick P, Gozz (here in spirit (he's calling in))
 - Apologies: Mark
 - Absent: Lauren

## President's report
 - Attended club carnival
   - Lots of people came along to help
   - It went pretty well, we had a nice setup with our banner, our marquee, and some google swag
 - Attended both training sessions for last week
## Vice Pres's report
 - Helped write slides for last week
 - Presented for Friday's session
 - Attended club carnival very briefly
 - Attended the Charity Vigil meeting
## Treasurer's report
 - Absent
## Secretary's report
 - I attended the Friday training session
 - Have gained some more info about the SPACE quiz night
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Went to Club carnival
 - Attended the charity vigil meeting
 - Unfortunately couldn't make it to lecture bashing
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Have been organising the next competition
   - We'll be running a set of questions that were written for UofA
   - Will be running from this Friday, any three hour window during the week
 - We also have a solid bank of questions to start up our next contest with
## OCM's report - Nic O
 - Attended training session on Wednesday
   - It went pretty well
## OCM's report
## Special Max Report
 - Have been helping Tom organise the contest
 - Helped organise the training plan and sorting people for it
 - Been sorting a lot of ICPC stuff
## Events
 - Training
   - Nick P has written some slides for this weeks sessions
   - Can't present Wednesday though, Tom probably can
 - Social event
   - Thursday next week (the 23rd of August)
   - An extended game night, with some board games and some video games
     - Jackbox etc.
   - We might offer to involve unigames (to get games)
     - Action: Nick P - Talk to unigames about the social night
     - Action: Theo - Book CSSE 2.28 for the 23rd of August
 - Charity Vigil
   - It will be Saturday (22nd of September) and Sunday (23rd of September)
   - We'll want to start spruiking this to our members at some point
   - Things to look out for this time:
     - Organising Pizzas last time was pretty difficult, this time each committee will do their own thing
     - Members can choose which club they go through
   - Our events:
     - Running computer science rants
   - We'll make a Slack channel for organising this
   - The Charity Vigil committee hasn't yet decided on which Charity they're going to be donating to
     - So we have the option to throw a suggestion into the ring if we'd like
     - Currently suggested options are: 
       - RUHA, focus on community services (housing services, homelessness support, mental health support)
       - Angel Hands, focusses on helping with recovery from extreme trauma
       - Headspace, Focus on mental health issues and service
       - Our reps will decide on what they think is the most appropriate, then present this to the committee
 - SPACE quiz night
   - Taking place on the 6th of September
   - Also involved is the Coders for Causes club
   - The plan is to book out the Tav
   - We'd get a portion of profits upon the events conclusion
   - Vote to participate:
     - For: 0, Against: 4, Abstention: 2
     - We think this sounds like a good event, but not something that suits us well with the Charity Vigil going on at the same time
## General Business
 - Training Sessions this week:
   - Who's delivering this Wednesday?
     - Tom can, it would be good if someone else can potentially be there
     - Gozz can maybe also be there
   - Who's delivering on Friday?
     - Nick P can definitely present on Friday
   - Slides
     - Are underway, on the drive
 - Next week
   - Slides
     - To be written by Nick P, Max (and maybe others)
     - Action: Nick P, Max - Write slides for next week
 - Week After
   - Slides
     - We'll try asking Anna
     - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
   - Long term
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
   - Still ongoing
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
   - We're not interested
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
   - Pretty much done, just needs some extra testing
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
   - Max has written problems, only one or two for us
 - Action: Lawson - Get them to actually pay for it (the t-shirts)
   - Everyone who wants to pay has done so
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
   - Too busy
 - Action: Nick P - Run the social event planning through with Gozz
   - Done
 - Action: Nick P - Find a Venue and time for the social event
   - Largely sorted
 - Action: Gozz - Make sure that Club Carnival gets organised and run (delegate to other committee if need be)
   - Done
## Action Items 
 - Action: Nick P, Max - Write slides for next week
 - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
 - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
 - Action: Theo - Talk to space, say we're not interested
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site

 - Meeting Closed: 1:54pm
