# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-08-27
 - Meeting Opened: 1:04pm
 - Present: Gozz (in spirit), Nic P, Theo, Lawson, Tom, Nick O
 - Apologies: Mark, Lauren, Max
 - Absent: -

## President's report
 - Have been helping Max prepare ANZAC
 - Prepared the South Pacific contest image for divisionals and regionals
 - Put the event for the ANZAC round, sent out the email
 - Is taking a step back from UCC
## Vice Pres's report
 - Attended the Charity Vigil meeting
 - Attended the Friday training session
 - Finalised the thursday social event
## Treasurer's report
 - Not Present
## Secretary's report
 - Put the facebook events for this week
 - Started a handover document
 - Took the Friday training session
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Have successfully recruited some new members who have attended training sessions
## OCM's report - Nick O
 - Attended a training session at 5pm instead of 4pm, thankfully Max and Gozz were both there
 - Did some fun things with our site during the competition
   - Restarting frequently eventually fixed our site
## OCM's report - Tom
 - The competition ran over last week
   - There was a solid number of entrants, ~18
   - A good spread of people as well through scores
   - We had some issues with the site, the contest was extended by a day as a result
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Not Present
## Special Max Report
 - Not Present
## Events
 - Social Event
   - It went well!
   - Roughly equal proportions of committee members and non committee members
 - Charity Vigil
   - It's moving somewhat smoothly
   - The assorted changes to voting didn't go through, so everything is as it should be
   - The chosen charity is Youth Focus
     - The Guild associated charity for the year
     - Gives back to students, which should help with the event
   - Things for us to decide on:
     - Bookings can now be made within the charity vigil
     - Another idea for our presentation:
       - We could do debates
       - Pick a topic, or preprepare a list of topics, and two members can take the different sides of the debate
       - Then the two members can debate for some amount of time, other people can donate to swap topics etc.
     - Gozz will try and contact google to see about getting some higher value swag for prizes
## General Business
 - Hosting options:
   - Our current solution isn't working well enough
   - New options:
     - Stick with UCC, run up some extra hardware during a contest
     - Get new dedicated hardware (could be in UCC, or somewhere else)
     - Pay for hosting with some external site
       - There are three different options/groups we could go with:
         - Digital Ocean
         - Google Hosting
         - We could do multiple options, a mix or somesuch
   - If we wanted to look into most of these options we would have to get our own domain name
     - Current preferred option is pcs.org.au
     - We would need an ABN for this though
       - Fairly trivial to get though
       - Once we have an ABN we could also become a registered Educational Charity
         - Which could have some benefits
       - Action: Lawson and Gozz- Get PCS an ABN
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
 - Training Sessions this week
   - Anna can't make it to this week
   - Nick P can write slides, but needs help
     - Single person rushed slides don't end well
     - Tom can help write a slide or two, Lauren can as well
     - Max can maybe have a brief look over, give some constructive criticism
     - Action: Nick P, Tom, Max - Write slides for Ranges
   - Friday presentation:
     - Nick P can be there, Theo can maybe be there as well
     - Action: Nick P, Theo - Present Ranges on Friday
   - Wednesday presentation:
     - Tom can be there, Gozz can probably be there
     - Action: Tom, Gozz - Present Ranges on Wednesday
 - Training Sessions next week
   - Topic is Trees and Ranges
   - Slides:
     - Nick P, Theo, maybe some other people if need be
     - Action: Nick P, Theo - Write slides for Trees and Ranges
   - Wednesday session:
     - Nick O can present
     - Action: Nick O - Present Trees and Ranges on Wednesday
   - Friday session:
     - Nick P can present
     - Action: Nick P - Present Trees and Ranges on Friday
 - Gozz: Issue: Appoint someone to be responsible for chasing up action items
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
   - Can potentially be via adding action items to teamline, then Nick P can chase them up if they ignore the teamline
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
   - Tom has!
   - Lauren is doing some
 - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
   - Ongoing, rate might be slowing down
   - But potentially enough fixed that things will continue to be better
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
   - Not happening, cancelled
 - Action: Nick P - Present Friday
   - Not done, Theo did this instead
   - Was there partially
 - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
   - Underway
 - Action: Nick P - Make the facebook event for the ANZAC round
   - Gozz did this instead
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
   - Started!
 - Action: Theo - Send out an email announcement for the ANZAC round
   - Gozz stole this as well!
 - Action: Nic O - Present Wednesday
   - Stolen by Max!
## Action Items 
 - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
 - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
 - Action: Lawson and Gozz- Get PCS an ABN
 - Action: Nick P - Present Trees and Ranges on Friday
 - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items (ONGOING)
 - Action: Nick P - Talk to Anna about writing slides
 - Action: Nick P, Tom, Max - Write slides for 
 - Action: Nick P, Theo - Present Ranges on Friday
 - Action: Nick P, Theo - Write slides for Trees and Ranges
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
 - Action: Tom, Gozz - Present Ranges on Wednesday
 - Action: Nick O - Present Trees and Ranges on Wednesday
 - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options


 - Meeting Closed: 1:56pm
