# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda yyyy-mm-dd
 - Meeting Opened: 11:09 AM
 - Present: Gozz, Nick P, Mark, Theo, Lawson, Tom, Lauren
 - Apologies: Nic O, Max
 - Absent: 
 
## President's report
 - Missed last meeting, report contains some of the stuff from week before last
 - Went to the google at UWA event
   - Helped out there
   - We got some of their leftover swag, since they didn't want to take it back to sydney
   - Probably going to use it for the Cam Hall Quiz Night
     - We should spruik this to our members
 - Because we're looking for hosting the site more properly
   - We've been considering putting our site on some Google servers using cloud credit etc.
   - But this would be expensive
   - Talked to someone at the Google event at UWA about getting some cloud credits instead of some of our sponsorship
   - Some of the google engineers at the talk mentioned having a large surplus of problems
   - Which could be given to our club for if we potentially need extra problems
     - Very useful if we do try and take up a more ANZAC like role
## Vice Pres's report
 - Did some slides last week, for the training session
 - Booked a room for the contest
## Treasurer's report
 - Treasurer training is on Wednesday
   - Definitely attending
 - Ready to present on DAGs and DP next Tuesday and Thursday
   - Has the slides prepared (largely cannibalised from Max's old slides)
 - Helped take the Thursday training session (a bit)
## Secretary's report
 - Booked the meeting room
 - Made the event of the contest on the weekend
 - Presented at the Thursday training session
 - Attempted the first Codeforces Div 3 Contest
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Needs delegation
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Helped present the Thursday session
   - Feels ready to potentially present again in future
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Wrangled some more people into writing
 - Planning on collecting all these problems and then distributing them across the next few contests
 - Helped a bit during the Tuesday training session
## OCM's report
## General Business
 - Mark: I'll be attending the treasurer training, take some notes
   - Will do the training, it'll be good
 - Mark: We still need to get the room application in
   - Action: Gozz - Send in a room application by May 27th
 - Mark: What's the deal with Shirts?
   - All the people who would get the ranked shirts don't really want one
   - So we'll start with the generic club shirts
   - Nic P: Do we want to order a selection, or take orders from the members?
   - Gozz: Maybe a test run, starting with Committee?
   - Then we can show off how they look
   - And then after that we can open it up to the members
   - Action: Lawson - Coordinate the sizing and ordering of committee logo shirts
 - Theo: When is the next contest?
   - We have the UofA one next weekend
   - We have the ANZAC like one from Tim and Max the weekend after
   - Can we do our next one the week after?
     - Tom: During the study break is the likely plan
     - So that people won't be quite so busy
     - Study break is 4th to the 8th of June
 - Lauren: What are we doing with respect to the Cameron Hall Quiz Night?
   - Action: Gozz - Advertise the quiz night on our facebook page
   - Action: Theo - Email out details about the quiz night to members
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
 - Action: NP - Follow up Gozz about Graph slides round 2
 - Action: NP - Finalise Details for T-shirts
 - Action: NP - Follow up with Gozz about room Application
 - Action: Theo - Book a meeting Room
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training (possibly also actively bug Guild about this)
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs (still pending)
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest
## Action Items 
 - Action: Gozz - Send in a room application by May 27th
 - Action: Gozz - Advertise the quiz night on our facebook page
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
 - Action: Theo - Email out details about the quiz night to members (also the collab contest)
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training (possibly also actively bug Guild about this)
 - Action: Lawson - Coordinate the sizing and ordering of committee logo shirts
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 
 - Meeting Closed: 11:43 AM
