# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-08-06
 - Meeting Opened: 1:08am
 - Present: Gozz, Nic P, Theo, Mark, Lawson, Lauren
 - Apologies: Nick O
 - Absent: Tom, Maxg

## President's report
 - Running club carnival tomorrow
   - We need some people to help run the stall
   - We should be alright for setup though
 - Did an entire UCC camp
   - It went well!
 - Is currently the president
## Vice Pres's report
 - Started writing some slides for this and next week
 - Have realised that can't make it to the Wednesday training sessoins
## Treasurer's report
 - In the process of collecting money for shirts
   - Have been experiencing success
## Secretary's report
 - Continued to attempt to book rooms for training sessions
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Organised t-shirts for committee
   - Have started coordinating with Mark to collect money for the shirts
 - Have been preparing lecture bashing
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Have been enjoying not doing Honours
## OCM's report
## OCM's report
## Events
 - Club Carnival
   - Gozz and Co are doing this tomorrow
   - Most of committee is able to come along at some point to help run the stall and set up
   - Gozz will bring the banner
 - Social event
   - Gozz: We need to do some more brainstorming to come up with what we're doing
   - And we need to put someone in charge of this
     - Nic P has been put in charge of the organisation
   - Wtihin the first four weeks at latest
     - Need to get the EMP up and running
 - Charity Vigil
   - Gozz: I'm a rep for UCC for Charity Vigil
   - I'm interested in trying to involve PCS in with some of the big Cameron Hall joint events
     - Things like this, and the quiz night
   - Options for kinds of events we would like to run:
     - Lecture/rants about terrible parts of computer science
     - With gold coin donations or something to have a lecture go off
   - If we join the event we would need to:
     - Approve the subcommittee guidelines
     - Approve our participation in the event
     - Approve two representatives for our club to be part of the subcommittee in charge of this
   - We would also want to:
     - Advertise to our members
     - Potentially donate to the door prize
       - On the order of $50 maximum (most likely)
   - Gozz: I propose that we approve the Subcommittee Organisation and Management Guidelines for the sake of allowing us to take part in Cameron Hall events that use these guidelines
     - Vote passes unanimously
   - Gozz: I propose, that with the other clubs being in agreement we participate in the Charity Vigil
     - Vote passes unanimously
   - Gozz: I propose that if we are accepted to participate in this event then we nominate Nic P and Lawson as our representatives
     - Vote passes unanimously
## General Business
 - Gozz: Have we ended up submitting an EMP for the lectures last semester?
   - Nic: No, we didn't
   - Gozz: We should submit EMPs for our lectures this semester
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz - Make sure that Club Carnival gets organised and run (delegate to other committee if need be)
   - On track
 - Action: Nick P - Run the social event planning through with Gozz
   - Started
 - Action: Nick P - Find a Venue and time for the social event
   - Some progress
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
   - Have successfully determined times for lecture bashes
 - Action: Lawson - Figure out how much money everyone needs to pay
   - Done
 - Action: Lawson - Get them to actually pay for it
   - In progress, and handed off to Mark
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
   - Minimal progress
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
   - No news
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it (ongoing)
   - Done by Nick O, can be put off for now
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
   - Some success! They are interested in still running their event
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
   - Haven't done
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
   - To do, will maybe happen at some point
## Action Items 
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
 - Action: Lawson - Get them to actually pay for it
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
 - Action: Nick P - Run the social event planning through with Gozz
 - Action: Nick P - Find a Venue and time for the social event
 - Action: Gozz - Make sure that Club Carnival gets organised and run (delegate to other committee if need be)










 - Meeting Closed: 1:5pm
