# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-09-10
 - Meeting Opened: 1:08pm
 - Present: Nick P, Mark, Theo, Lawson, Tom, Lauren
 - Apologies: Gozz, Max, Nick O
 - Absent: 

## President's report - Delivered via Slack
 - We now own pcs.org.au
   - Got through https://domainregistration.com.au
   - Details have been emailed to uwapcs@gmail.com
   - Doesn't currently point anywhere, I assume whatever host we go with will have a nameserver setup they use
   - We didn't need an ABN as it turns out, just need to actually phone them and send them our constitution
 - I attended the Wednesday training session
 - I missed the Friday training session because I thought it was Thursday
 - Work work work work...
## Vice Pres's report
 - Took the training session Friday
   - Realised the slides were suboptimal
 - Put up the training session events
 - Put up posts about the next ANZAC comp, and Charity Vigil
## Treasurer's report
 - Have been busy with other stuff
## Secretary's report
 - Attended the Friday session
 - Made the training session events for this week
## Fresh Rep's report
 - T-Shirts have arrived
   - Which is good
 - Have been very busy with other stuff
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Been busy with Uni stuff
 - Successfully wrote another problem, has been added to the backlog
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Has made a start on the slides for this week
   - Written some examples
   - Well on track to have them done by Wednesday
 - Has also written a problem or two
## OCM's report
## Special Max Report
 - Max is doing things in Sydney
## Events
 - Training Sessions this week
   - Topic: Suffix Arrays, lcp etc.
   - Lauren is writing the slides
   - Action: Lauren - Finish writing the slides on Suffix Arrays
   - Action: Lauren, maybe Nick P- Present suffix arrays on Wednesdays
   - Action: Nick P, maybe Theo- Present suffix arrays on Fridays
 - Charity Vigil
   - Things continue to happen in the background
 - Training sessions for next week
   - Topic: Computational Geometry
   - Action: Lauren - Write Slides for Computational Geometry
   - Week after might be Gozz
## General Business
 - Rants for the Charity Vigil
   - Nick P is doing Javascript
   - Mark will maybe do Timezones (given time)
   - We'll collate a list of content, each person can present on a topic they're most familiar with
 - Contest this Weekend
   - The ANZAC/NZPC is on this weekend
   - Everything is broadly set up, event post is up
 - We have a domain now!
   - This means we can start creating our site, or moving it, or something
   - Possibly have our UCC website pointing to it
 - Committee Shirts have arrived
   - They will be distributed to the appropriate committee members
   - Quality will be assessed, then we will consider opening up to more members
 - Room change
   - We have the option to change our Wednesday session to Gentilli
   - There's not much of a benefit though, it would split up our training sessions
   - And the distance isn't enough that it's a big deal
   - And changing the room might confuse members
 - Training Session Emails
   - We'll get back into doing weekly ones
  - 
## Previous Action Items
 - Training Session Action Items:
   - Action: Nick P - Finish writing the slides for Trees and Ranges
     - Done
   - Action: Gozz (potentially) - Supervise James Arcus for giving the talk on Wednesday on Trees and Ranges
     - James did in fact do the talk
     - Gozz was also there, said it went ok
   - Action: Nick P - Take the training session on Friday for Trees and Ranges
     - Done
   - Action: Lauren - Write slides for Suffix Arrays
     - In progress
 - Shorter Term Action Items:
   - Action: Mark and Nick P - Go to Guild Finance and check if they have any guidelines/help for getting an ABN or a domain name- Due 4/9/2018
     - Did this immediately, they said No.
   - Action: Nick P - Make a post on the PCS page advertising Charity Vigil - Due 5/9/2018
     - Done
   - Action: Nick P - Make a post advertising the next ANZAC round - Due 5/9/18
     - Done
   - Action: Lawson and Gozz- Get PCS an ABN - Due 17/9/2018
     - Or decide the feasibility of this process
     - Decided we don't need one, since we can get out domain name without one
   - Action: Nick P and Lawson - Make sure the rants get organised for our involvement with charity vigil - Due 17/9/2018
     - Still underway
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
     - Some people have written problems
   - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
     - Haven't heard anything
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
     - Still ongoing
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
     - Been doing this successfully
## Action Items 
 - Training Session Action Items:
   - Action: Lauren - Finish writing the slides on Suffix Arrays
   - Action: Lauren, maybe Nick P- Present suffix arrays on Wednesdays
   - Action: Nick P, maybe Theo- Present suffix arrays on Fridays
   - Action: Lauren - Write Slides for Computational Geometry
 - Shorter Term Action Items:
   - Action: Nick P and Lawson - Make sure the rants get organised for our involvement with charity vigil - Due 17/9/2018
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
    - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
    - Action: Gozz - Fix UCC
    - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
    - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options

 - Meeting Closed: 1:38pm
