# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-04-30

 - Meeting Opened: 11:12 AM
 - Present: Nick P, Mark, Theo, Tom, Lawson
 - Apologies: Gozz, Nick O
 - Absent: Lauren

## President's report
 - Sends Apologies
## Vice Pres's report
 - Ran the Boardgames night and we had the google event
 - Both went well
## Treasurer's report
 - Been working on Honours project stuff
 - Can make slides when we need
## Secretary's report
 - Have also been busy
 - Wrote a question with Max
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Haven't done much for PCS
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Did a couple more editorials
 - Started looking into how to update the site
   - Had some success
   - The rewrite has properly started
 - Started getting people to write questions for the next contests
   - Lots of questions in the pipeline
   - Enough that we will have a small stockpile of extra questions
## OCM's report
## OCM's report
## General Business
 - Mark: What's the deal with T-shirts?
   - NP: We're thinking do a trial run with just the generic shirts, rather than the ranked shirts
   - Tom: Nic O and Alex aren't super into being the standouts
   - NP: Motion - Make a generic PCS shirt with the coloured logo on grey
     - Motion passes, 3 votes for, 1 abstain
   - NP: So how do we want to sell these?
     - Expressions of interest over the next two weeks
     - Details finalised by next weeks meeting (hopefully)
     - Action: NP - Finalise Details for selling T-shirts
 - NP: Have we sent in a room application?
   - Gozz hasn't said anything recently
   - We'll follow up with him and make sure it's in by the deadline
 - NP: Google has the possibility of sending us some rejected CodeJam questions
   - This would be excellent for us
   - At best a great source of well-written questions
   - At worst there is no cost to us
   - They will also editorials for these
 - Tom: Max has been talking about what's going to happen with the ANZAC rounds
   - The normal ANZAC rounds aren't running this year
     - It's all fallen apart
   - Can we fill the gap in some way?
   - Gozz suggested that we can sort of run ANZAC like contests through our sites
   - Coordinate with other universities to ensure that all competitors are the student of some university
   - But this won't work with our current site
     - Our current judge system will absolutely not handle it
     - Tom: We would absolutely need more judging servers to handle the load if we were running Australia wide competitions
   - So hosting larger ANZAC like contests is doable, but entirely reliant on the rebuilding of the site
     - This should be starting to properly get under way soon 
 - NP: We need to follow Gozz up about writing the slides for this week, just to make sure they're done
   - Gozz has been working on them, theoretically
   - Action: NP - Follow up Gozz about Graph slides round 2
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
   - Slightly underway
 - Action: Theo - Book a meeting Room
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training
   - No word yet
   - Will follow up with Taylor at the end of the week
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs
   - Pending until further notice
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised
   - Ongoing, some progress
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest
   - A date has been set (allegedly), 12th of May
   - Mostly organised
## Action Items 
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
 - Action: NP - Follow up Gozz about Graph slides round 2
 - Action: NP - Finalise Details for T-shirts
 - Action: NP - Follow up with Gozz about room Application
 - Action: Theo - Book a meeting Room
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training (possibly also actively bug Guild about this)
 - Action: Mark - Make Slides for DAGs (still pending)
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest

 - Meeting Closed: 11:44 AM
