# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-11-05
 - Meeting Opened: 10:15am
 - Present: Nick P, Mark, Tom, Lauren
 - Apologies: Gozz, Nick O, Max, Theo
 - Absent: Lawson

## President's report
## Vice Pres's report
 - Not done much. 
## Treasurer's report
 - Done less than Nic.
## Secretary's report
## Fresh Rep's report
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Not done much.
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Fixed the judge machine. Unsure of cause but is now functional. 
## OCM's report
## Special Max Report
## Events
 - No upcoming training sessions
 - People are competing in regionals right now (2nd at the moment) :) 
## General Business
 - Contests
   - We have suitable number of problems for two contests
   - Tom is unable to finalise organisation over the next few weeks. 
   - More problems written makes life much easier, we should collaborate more
   - We aim to hold at least two contests, hopefully three.
 - Handover document
   - Template is created in Google drive 
   - People should just draft their own sections
 - Mark handing over the money box
   - Mark will be absent over the holidays 
   - MOTION: Nic P will maintain money box over holidays - Passed Unanimously
## Previous Action Items
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - See if we can book Roberts Street Lecture Theatre for next week for our normal times
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options - Almost done, moved to on-going
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Theo - Book training session rooms for next year
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
     - Ongoing
## Action Items 
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - See if we can book Roberts Street Lecture Theatre for next week for our normal times
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
   - Action: Eveyone - Draft their handover documents
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
   - Action: Theo - Start looking at the fundamentals for creating a handover document
   - Action: BLANK - Look into signing PCS up for a Discord instead
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
   - Action: Theo - Book training session rooms for next year
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items



 - Meeting Closed: 10:40am
