# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-11-05
 - Meeting Opened: 1:37pm
 - Present: Nick P, Theo
 - Apologies: Tom, Nick O, Max
 - Absent: Lawson

## President's report
 - We haven't had a meeting since divisionals
 - Divisionals went fine
   - We had a good turnout, the event ran smoothly
   - Fought a printer in ritual combat
     - And WON
   - Helped Max write short editorials
 - Nothing much has happened since then
 - Been helping sort stuff out for regionals
   - Moved flights etc.
 - Will be in Sydney for three months following regionals
   - So we'll need to sort out a meeting beforehand
   - And what the rest of the committee will be doing while this is happening
## Vice Pres's report
 - Attended divisionals
   - Was fun
 - Haven't done much since
## Treasurer's report
## Secretary's report
 - Attended divisionals
   - Made it through to regionals
   - Was the first to solve problem L
## Fresh Rep's report
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Attended Divisionals
   - Got a medal!
 - Successfully put in a PHD application
## OCM's report
## OCM's report
## Special Max Report
## Events
 - No upcoming training sessions
## General Business
 - Contests
   - We'll try and run some over the holidays
   - Sort this after exams
 - Handover document
   - We should get to work on this over the holidays
   - Probably do it in Markdown, host it on the github
   - Theo will create a broad template, we will all add in relevant sections
   - Action: Theo - Start looking at the fundamentals for creating a handover document
 - Nick P: do we wish to consider moving from Slack to something else for next year?
   - Gozz: We were thinking earlier in the year that Discord would be a better option
   - It has some better options over slack
     - Apparently a lot easier to create bots?
   - Action: BLANK - Look into signing PCS up for a Discord instead
## Previous Action Items
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - Remind Tim to book a room for ICPC Divisionals
     - Done
   - Action: Theo - Also ask Tim to send out an email to the CS students, and lecture bashing
     - Done
   - Action: Theo - See if we can book Roberts Street Lecture Theatre for next week for our normal times
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Nick P - Make sure that an event email gets sent out to our member list
     - Done
   - Action: Nick P - Make a facebook event for divisionals
     - Done
   - Action: Nick P - Make a facebook event for the prep session
     - Done
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
     - Ongoing
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Theo - Book training session rooms for next year
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
     - Ongoing
## Action Items 
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - See if we can book Roberts Street Lecture Theatre for next week for our normal times
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - Start looking at the fundamentals for creating a handover document
   - Action: BLANK - Look into signing PCS up for a Discord instead
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
   - Action: Theo - Book training session rooms for next year
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items



 - Meeting Closed: 1:56pm
