# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-05-14
 - Meeting Opened: 11:02am
 - Present: Gozz, Nick P, Mark, Theo, Lawson, Nic O, Lauren, Max
 - Apologies: Tom
 - Absent: -

## President's report
 - Attended the Comp on Saturday
   - It went well
   - Bought Pizza
   - We had great attendance (~20 or so)
     - A few first timers as well
 - Had previously been in contact with Google to see if we can get free cloud hosting
   - Our contact couldn't find anything
   - Suggested that we can look into the Google options for non-for-profit organisations
     - We broadly fit within the classifications
       - It's a little complicated, but it could work out with some paperwork
     - We would get access to the G-Suite, which includes the cloud computing we need
   - Gozz will try applying for the G-Suite for the club
     - We might need some extra paperwork though
     - Action: Gozz - Try to sign up for G-Suite
## Vice Pres's report
 - Went to the comp
   - Helped organise freshers etc. into teams at the comp
 - Having a fun time with Honours
## Treasurer's report
 - Taught both training sessions
   - Went well
   - Maybe went a little too fast
 - Went to treasurer training
   - It was boring but it's done
## Secretary's report
 - Went to the competition
 - Went to the training session
 - Put up facebook events
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Put up the survey for the T-Shirts
   - We've had responses
## OCM's report - Nic O
 - Have done very minimal
 - Competed in the contest for a very small amount of time
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Attended the competition
## OCM's report
## General Business
 - Max: Next contest
   - Nick P: Tom has been sorted this, aggregating problems from lots of people
   - Tom is apparently still waiting on questions
     - Has 3-4 questions of his own though
 - Max: Next training session
   - Topic is Trees and tree algorithms
     - Gozz can't do it, neither can Max or Nick P
   - Max: Topic suggestions:
     - Defining a tree, properties thereof, tours of trees, techniques for finding lowest common ancestors
   - We'll do a workshop session instead
     - Run through the problems from the weekend, and maybe a new problem or two
     - Max can setup, Theo can present with help from Lauren and/or Nick P
     - Action: Theo - Present the workshop sessions
 - Max: What about next week?
   - Gozz: I can probably do the next week lecture
   - This will be the Trees one
 - Theo: SPACE wants to run a quiz night, they're interested in collaborating with us and maybe some other clubs
   - We're interested, will send a small delegation
   - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested
 - Lawson: We've heard back from the shirt forms
   - 7 out of 9 have responded
   - Most people want the full logo (rather than the left icon thing)
   - Gozz: Check that everyone who said that they want one is actually down to pay for it
   - Action: Lawson - Follow up people about whether they will pay for shirts
 - Gozz: The application for the club is on track
   - It's well prepared, it's looking like we're a very strong applicant
   - We've got a solid chance of getting the room
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz - Send in a room application by May 27th
   - on track
 - Action: Gozz - Advertise the quiz night on our facebook page
   - Done
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
   - Ongoing
 - Action: Theo - Email out details about the quiz night to members (also the collab contest)
   - Forgot to do this
 - Action: Mark - Do treasurer training (possibly also actively bug Guild about this)
   - Done
 - Action: Lawson - Coordinate the sizing and ordering of committee logo shirts
   - Done, further investigation pending
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
   - Ongoing
## Action Items
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
 - Action: Gozz - Send in a room application by May 27th
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested
 - Action: Gozz - Try to sign up for G-Suite
 - Action: Lawson - Follow up people about whether they will pay for shirts
 - Action: Theo - Present the workshop sessions

 - Meeting Closed: 11:45am
