TODO cleanup.
# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2016-04-12

## Present
- Max, Gozz, Tim, Mark, Ridge, Connie

## Absent
- Minh Le (sent apologies)

## President's report
- Was away. Did work in absentia, mostly on training sessions. Made a new training plan for next couple of weeks.

## Vice Pres's report
- Was sick, nothing else to report.

## Treasurer's report
- 

## Secretary's report
- Made announcements.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Nothing to report

## General Business
- Max talked to Georgia (from Google) about doing events with the club.
  - Interview training sessions.
  - Max will talk to Georgia again to confirm.
- Gozz: New logo design. It's like the old logo, but with gears, and graphs, with the old logo letters over the top.
  - More work to be done
  - Can put on github, with letters and new gear things separate/combined.
- Gozz made a snide comment.
- Post solutions to the weekly training session problems on facebook for people who can't make it in person.
  - The solutions are in the slide.
- Events
  - Programming comp, Quiz night, Lan/Game tournament
    - Could also do interview training.
    - For others, why not just programming competition.
  - Collaboration with other comp sci clubs.
    - CSSE are keen.
  - Social event for PCS.
    - Round 1A debrief is close, but we should do a proper one.
  - Event for streaming the world finals.
    - 1 month away.

## Previous Action Items
- Action: Gozz to set up file structure for trusted members.
  - Lol no, forgot.

- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - 
- Action: Tim to look into/do leadership training.
  - Ahem. Sorted.
## Action Items
- Action: Max to set up next training session & a practise comp
