# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2016-04-12

## Present
- Max, Gozz, Tim, Mark, Ridge, Connie

## Absent
- Minh Le (sent apologies)

Meeting opened 16:40
## President's report
- Was away. Did club work in absentia, mostly on training sessions.
  - Made a new training plan for next couple of weeks.

## Vice Pres's report
- Was sick, nothing else to report.

## Treasurer's report
- 2 more signups.
- TODO: Can't remember if anything else was said.

## Secretary's report
- Made announcements.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Nothing to report

## General Business
- Max talked to Georgia (from Google) about doing events with the club.
  - Interview training sessions.
  - Max will talk to Georgia again to confirm.
- Gozz: New logo design. It's like the old logo, but with gears, and graphs, with the old logo letters over the top.
  - More work to be done
  - Can put on github, with letters and new gear things separate/combined.
- Gozz made a snide comment.
- Post solutions to the weekly training session problems on facebook for people who can't make it in person.
  - The solutions are in the slide.
- Events
  - Programming comp, Quiz night, Lan/Game tournament
    - Programming competition preferred over the other options.
    - Could also do interview training.
  - Collaboration with other comp sci clubs.
    - CSSE are keen, and have been contacting other computer clubs.
  - Social event for PCS.
    - Round 1A debrief is close, but we should do a proper social event. Will consider further.
  - Event for streaming the world finals.
    - Will definitely run an event.
    - 1 month away.

## Previous Action Items
- Action: Gozz to set up file structure for trusted members.
  - Lol no, forgot.
  - Max/Gozz will clean up drive.

- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - Looked into it, but not completed yet.
  - Allowing under 18s makes it a medium event - more paperwork.
  - Contacted Guild events, they recommended that we just say there won't be under 18s in the online form.
- Action: Tim to look into/do leadership training.
  - Still going to do it.
  - It's next week Wednesday/Thursday.

## Action Items
- Action: Max to set up next training session & a practise comp
- Action: Gozz to set up file structure for trusted members.
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
- Action: Tim to do leadership training.

meeting closed 17:00
