# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-09-19

Present: Max, Tim, Gozz, Ridge, Connie
Absent: Mark (apologies sent), Minh
Meeting opened 16:40

## President's report
- It's only been one week. There's been a training session and an ANZAC round and those went well.
## Vice Pres's report
- I've drafted up a very short, very simple application for best new club.
  - This is the only year we can apply.
  - Not sure of our chances as there are other larger new clubs who've probably ticked more boxes and done more events this year.
    - We're possibly better for our weekly educational events and potential impact.
## Treasurer's report
- Absent, apologies sent.
## Secretary's report
- Nothing to report.
## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent
## General Business
- Gozz: should I send off the best new club application?
  - Gozz: It's due October 1st.
  - Max: Approved, would be good for majority of committee to read it first.
- Max: First social event
  - Max: Probably a boardgame night, should come up with ideas and do a poll.
  - Gozz: With TimF's help, could do a VR thing. Could maybe also get one from UCC or myself.
    - Gozz: It's only social in that people can stand around and watch each other taking part.
    - Max: Could work with the number of people we have.
    - Max: There's plenty of space, though it's a lot of setup.
    - Tim: Doesn't have to be the only thing in the event.
      - Gozz: VR is a lot of effort though.
  - Max: Could do a classic movie night.
    - Max: Could watch attrocious movie, about people finding a polynomial algorithm for travelling salesman.
    - Gozz: Could watch Sunshine.
  - Gozz: Could combine with Cameron Hall Charity Vigil
    - Max: Not sure if we could turn it into an official event.
      - Gozz: No we can't. Too late for us to help with organisation. Could cross-advertise though.
      - Max: Not sure that there's any value to it.
  - Action: Tim to make a poll on facebook.
    - Max: Can make the poll public to allow others to 
- Max: We were talking about putting together a prize pool for the rating system on the website.
  - PCS shirt
  - We have some money in the treasury
  - Gozz: Last I recall we had about $165
  - Max: $20-$30 for a shirt.
    - Gozz: Average to $25, call it six shirts.
  - Max: Reasonable condition would be someone breaking into master (pink or above)
    - Gozz: Could just do top three.
    - Max: I worry that top three would cause problems with lots of people deserving a shirt if lots compete and do well, or rewarding people who don't work hard and get in on a fluke
      - Tim: Wouldn't a large number of competitions average that out?
        - Max: That's what the rating system's for, but it's not perfect.
    - Action: Max to figure out a way to turn $150 into prizes and how to allocate them.
- Max: Divisionals are coming up.
  - Got to sort out teams.
    - Can't do that for people, might need to plug the fact that the divisionals are coming up.
    - Need everyone to know it's serious and that everyone needs their team ready for registration.
  - Action: Max to make a post about the upcoming divisionals.
  - Might need to do advanced training for whoever gets through divisionals.
  - Gozz: Feel free to delegate any of that to me.
- Max: We'll dabble with shirts with a logo, then look into other merch.
  - Gozz: We should do an extra run to sell on.
## Previous Action Items
- None
## Action Items
- Action: Tim to make a poll on facebook.
- Action: Max to figure out a way to turn $150 into prizes and how to allocate them.
- Action: Max to make a post about the upcoming divisionals.

Meeting closed 16:56
