# UWA PCS Committee Meeting minutes 2017-08-07

Present: Max, Minh, Mark, Tim, Gozz, Zen, Tim

Meeting opened 16:30

## President's report
- New competition server. Gozz slaved over a hot computer to bring it to us. Max helped a little.
- Had first competition, was quite successsful.
  - Gozz: It was largely lacking in participation, people were on holidays so it's not a concern.
- People were on holidays so there's not much to report.
- Ran ANZAC round 3 and did fairly well. Had good attendance despite it being on the first week of semester.

## Vice Pres's report
- \<Thousand yard stare\>
- Not sure if I hate Django or love it.
- Set up the server.
- Set up the site.

## Treasurer's report
- Looked after the box. Returned it safely here. We still have the keys. 
  - Learned that all lock boxes of this type have one of four keys.
- Made a poll. Regrets the terrible voting system.

## Secretary's report
- Nothing to report.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Been busy with work and holidays.

## General Business
- Zen: Preferential voting. Rank options instead of voting for the options (for times).
  - Max: It may be worth deciding on the training session time again as a lot of people can't show up on monday.
  - Gozz: When dealing with times a binary vote of whether or not they can attend a time or not is adequate.
  - Mark: Should encourage people to vote for all times they can attend, not just the one best for them.
- Max: Doing intro session today.
  - Max: People who don't want to attend that session again go to 2.05 to run over questions.
- Mark: Should we encourage people to sign up?
  - Gozz: Need some number of members to remain a valid club, but it's not worth pressuring people into it.
- Max: It would be good to have a social club event.
  - Mark: Don't want to waste money we gained
  - Gozz: Could have event of "We meet here at some time".
  - Zen: Board games could be fun.
  - Max: Can consider further online.
- Mark: Does anyone think there's enough benefit to switch to slack from facebook.
  - Max: Most of us hate facebook but most of us have it.
  - Gozz: Investigated options. Best is either slack or riot, where riot is a free version of slack. 
  - Mark: Push notifications is a thing that's required.
  - Max: Could make email notifications every time that something is posted as an announcement.
  - Mark: The average person does not have discord, slack, anything other than facebook running at any given time.
  - Zen: Can use Discord without having to sign up, can pin announcements, etc.
  - Max: Perhaps we can revive discord and do announcements through facebook.
- Gozz: Open day is on the 13th. Good opportunity to get members for next year. 
  - A big issue for us is exposure. Most people come from Tim French's emails. We don't get people until their second year.
  - Max: Could run a simple contest, have one person man the post and hand out a sheet of questions and a url.
  - Tim French: We have a table, can put the ICPC banner behind it, we'll have a computer on it.

## Previous action items
- Action: Max and Gozz to do the interview training session.
  - Done
- Action: Gozz to setup server with reasonable Linux.
  - Done
  - Linux easy, site itself took time
- Action: Tim to make an EMP.
  - Soon
- Action: Gozz to make the basic logo (before next week).
  - Done, it's on the site
- Action: Max and Gozz prepare the next training sessions.
  - Done

## Action items
- Action: Max and Gozz to keep working on competitions.
- Action: Mark to investigate options for timetabling and voting for times.
- Action: Time to make an EMP

Meeting adjourned 4:53pm
