# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-03-29


## Attendance
- Present: Gozz, Tim, Mark, Zack, Alden, Phil, Ridge, Lauren, Callum, Minh
- Absent: Max Ward

Meeting opened 16:39

## President's report
- Max has written a practise contest for tonight.
  - Yuki accidentally deleted it.
  - Version control is "Max has a copy and is asleep. He'll restore it when he wakes up".
- Absent, still in America

## Vice Pres's report
- Helped Callum write presentation for this week. Helped Mark write presentation for last week.
- We're a real club, Gozz can start on PHD work.

## Treasurer's report
- Completed treasuer training. Was boring.
- Finance is good
  - $113 (someone overpaid by $1).
  - Greatest amount of money the club's ever possessed.
- Looked into github plugins.
  - All inappropriate: Logs in 1 month chunks. Would need to open 12 to see any useful information.

## Secretary's report
- General notifications. 
- I'm sleepy.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Nothing to report

## General Business
- Trusted member group
  - What are their responsibilities and privileges?
    - People who help with training sessions, and preparation for that
    - Github access
    - Google Drive access (a specific folder)
    - Nothing in the way of responsibilities.
    - Primarily need to trust them not to mess with the github/drive.
  - Who will be in the group?
    - People who have helped: e.g. Callum, Ridge
    - Mark: Let any committee member add. Majority vote to remove.
    - Gozz: Leave it as an operating policy, not necessary to vote on here.
  - Action: Gozz to set up file structure.
- Events
  - EMP for training sessions
    - Guild requires us to run at least 2 events a year.
    - Gozz: Each training session counts, may submit an EMP for the recurring event.
    - Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - What other events are we going to run?
    - Practise competitions, ANZAC.
      - Don't need to be EMPed.
      - Will largely be remote.
      - One on tonight if Max can recover it.
    - Training sessions
    - Tim: Will we do hands on tutorials?
      - Gozz: Falls under the training sessions umbrella.
  - Will these be advertised in Guild Weekly?
    - Gozz: The training sessions, as that's the most introductory thing.
- Discord
  - A member set up a discord for us. Gozz has admin access.
  - Will we encourage members to use it?
    - Listed on facebook page.
    - We should use it more.
  - Could it be used for committee meetings?
    - People could provide input while the meeting is going.
    - Would require broadcasting.
    - People can respond to the minutes after the meeting.
    - Will consider further.
- Student leadership training for someone on committee
  - Gozz has done it once, doesn't want to do it again.
  - April.
  - Action: Tim to pursue.
- Competition server alternatives.
  - Gozz: Thanks to Yuki for setting up and running the Domjudgeserver.
  - Gozz contacted Kattis. They provide the competition system for the world finals for ICPC.
    - Provide free education license
    - More for classwork than competition.
    - Phone meeting upcoming.

## Previous Action Items
- Action: Mark to buy money box, bags, and prepare float
  - done
- Action: Gozz to make gmail account
  - done
- Action: Tim to make signup form
  - done
- Action: Tim to book room and call AGM
  - done
- Action: Gozz & Tim to attend SOC meeting
  - done

## Action Items
- Action: Gozz to set up file structure for trusted members.
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
- Action: Tim to look into/do leadership training.

Meeting closed at 17:01
