# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-09-12

Present: Max, Mark, Tim, Gozz

Meeting opened 16:45

## President's report
- Running a contest currently. Will be finished very soon, it's been a success.
- We've had two ANZAC rounds since the last meeting. 
  - Need to be reimbursed for pizza and printing.
- Prepared two training sessions.
- We've moved training sessions to Tuesdays in room 1.24 
  - New people showing up to today's session.
  - Better for Max, Gozz, and Tim French with same numbers overall.
## Vice Pres's report
- Aghhh, research proposal, the beaurocracy behind doing a PHD ideologically disgusts me.
## Treasurer's report
- Been slammed with uni work, haven't done anything for the club but haven't been asked to either.
- Are we still running an ANZAC round?
  - Max: It won't be run by us anymore. It still might be worth running it in the future, getting students to do questions.
- Money box is still safe. Stopped bringing it in as it was heavy and wasn't often used.
  - Tim: We can give you advance warning if we'll need it.
## Secretary's report
- Finished the EMP, it got approved but there's a typo on the setup and cleanup times, they're back in April.
## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent
## General Business
- Max: We should get serious about organising a social event
  - Mark: Will we have pizza?
    - TODO: Didn't hear response
  - Tim: Could do a poll on facebook.
    - Max: We'll do that for now, I'll keep thinking about it.
- Gozz: 2/5ths of committee are going to be doing internships at the end of this year.
  - Gozz: We can leave it till next week, but we need to think about how we're going to do the required level of work for the club over the holidays.
  - Gozz: There is some work to be doing over the holidays, in particular we want a stall at O-Day
    - Gozz: Price is about how much we've taken in memberships this year
    - Mark: I think this is a worthy cause for the money
  - Max: Could do telepresence.
- Max: We should consider a prize pool in the contests, e.g. PCS shirt for competing in 5 contests.
  - Mark: More than x contests would drain our funds pretty fast.
  - Gozz: could have multiple conditions.
## Previous Action Items
- Action: Max and Gozz to keep working on competitions.
  - Gozz: Done, mostly Max
- Action: Mark to investigate options for timetabling and voting for times.
  - Done, new time is Tuesdays 5pm
- Action: Time to make an EMP
  - Done, minor typo in the form but it's been approved.
## Action Items
- TODO: No explicit ones

Meeting closed 17:00
