# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-04-26

## Present
- Max, Mark, Tim, Gozz, Callum, Ridge
## Absent
- Minh

Meeting opened 16:35

## President's report
- Since last meeting we ran our first ranked competition.
  - Gozz and Max prepared the competition
  - Server crashed but Yuki fixed it.
- Didn't run a training event during the study break.
- Code jam round 1A and 1B happened and we ran an event 1A.
- Prepared the presentation for today.
- Talked to Google about doing an event in the future.
  - They can't do an event for us in person this year because they didn't have time to prepare.
  - We should encourage our members to go to the google campus event.
    - Action: Tim to plug the event on facebook.
  - Encourage everyone to hand in a resume to google before the interview training: deadline may 1st.
  - Can send in recomendations to Google. Gozz and Max have discussed setting a standard based on interview training.

## Vice Pres's report
- Helped max with competition.
- Code jam round 1 questions are bad.
- Tim stinks.
- Did action items, see below.

## Treasurer's report
- jDjijdjdjljyj squat

## Secretary's report
- Completed student leadership training.
  - Was dull, wasn't strictly useful, laptops and other electronics were banned on the first day, merely discouraged on the second.
  - First day was on sensitive topics and such, second was generic event management

## Fresh Rep's report
- absent apologies sent.
## General Business
- We can get a UCC account in order to have a club VM to host our competitions on.
  - Action: Mark to look into cost
  - Action: Gozz to look into setting up the server.
  - Action: Mark to ask Gozz about a fair reimbursment for the server.
- Need to set up the next ranked contest
  - Action: Gozz and Max to work on that and recruit others.
- Computational Gozzometry next week
  - Action: Gozz to prepare the session.
- Interview training
  - Action: Max to work out an interview training plan.
- New logo
  - Gozz lost the original as Windows nuked his drive.
  - Action: Gozz to sort out the logo
- Everyone should consider an event for the club that isn't a competition.
  - Social event preferred: Movie night, should ask others today if they want one.
  - Coders for causes interested in an event of some vague type.
    - Action: Mark to unvague


## Previous Action Items
- Action: Max to set up next training session & a practise comp
  - done
- Action: Gozz to set up file structure for trusted members.
  - done
  - Action: Gozz to invite Yuki and Tim French to the correct folders.
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - Not done, learnt more about it in leadership training. Will complete by next meeting.
  - Will throw questions at committee members.
- Action: Tim to do leadership training.
  - done

## Action Items
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
- Action: Tim to plug the Google Campus event on facebook.
- Regarding the UCC server:
  - Action: Mark to look into cost
  - Action: Gozz to look into setting up the server.
  - Action: Mark to ask Gozz about a fair reimbursment for the server.
- Action: Gozz and Max to work on the next competition, and to recruit others to help.
- Action: Gozz to prepare the computational gozzometry session.
- Action: Max to work out an interview training plan.
- Action: Gozz to sort out the new logo
- Action: Mark to discuss a specific, unvague event with Coders for Causes

meeting adjourned: 16:54
