# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda yyyy-mm-dd

Present: Gozz, Max, Mark, Tim, Minh, Ridge, Lauren

Meeting opened 4:36
## President's report
- Successfully ran another ranked competition.
- Organised and ran last training session.
- We ran an event for the first official ANZAC round (not a google event).

## Vice Pres's report
- Doing comp geom tonight
- see above

## Treasurer's report
- Looked into UCC server (more in general business)

## Secretary's report
- One of the Coderdojo member's teachers wants us to notify them when an ANZAC round is on.
  - Gave them my email, the generic club secretary email, and facebook group.
  
## Fresh Rep's report
- A lot of members understand the content of training sessions, but not how to implement it
  - Training sessions are often rushed
  - Maybe attach examples on facebook
  - Gozz: We could run practise implementation sessions.
    - Lauren: A group coding session may be better than a lab. People working independently may be less likely to ask for help.
    - Max: Issue is not everyone speaks the same programming language.
    - Gozz: Screensharing channels may let us go through implementations in each language.
  - Max: Could have a shared github.

## General Business
- UCC account
  - Mark: First email sent to UCC committee, read and ignored. 
  - Second email to UCC Wheel, the correct channel
  - Gozz: Committee is the correct channel.
  - Gozz: Is a wheel member, discussed it with Wheel, it's technically possible. Setting up the vm isn't an issue. Payment/account setup needs to be approved by Committee.
    - Max: Can Gozz implement his PageRank/PersonRank system. (better but slower, people are pages, wins are links). Don't have many people, so n^3 algorithm is fine.
- Tips and tricks/quick reference for different programming languages
  - The shared github and practise implementation sessions can be used for that.
  - Action: Max to consider a shared github and practise implementation sessions.
## Previous Action Items
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - Not yet, but not forgotten
- Action: Tim to plug the Google Campus event on facebook.
  - Done
- Regarding the UCC server:
  - Action: Mark to look into cost
    - $25
  - Action: Gozz to look into setting up the server.
    - pending
  - Action: Mark to ask Gozz about a fair reimbursment for the server.
    - Done after last meeting
- Action: Gozz and Max to work on the next competition, and to recruit others to help.
  - Done, thank to Ridge for the help.
- Action: Gozz to prepare the computational gozzometry session.
  - Done
- Action: Max to work out an interview training plan.
  - Not yet
  - Do people want it? How many people have interviews? Will ask at this training session
  - Recommendations to Georgia based on interview training will be due before the interview cutoff. 
- Action: Gozz to sort out the new logo
  - Not yet, eventually.
- Action: Mark to discuss a specific, unvague event with Coders for Causes
  - Discussed it with them. The process is slow but they're generally in favour of it.
## Action Items
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
- Action: Max to work out an interview training plan.
- Action: Gozz to sort out the new logo
- Action: Gozz and Max to work on competition 2, and to recruit others to help.
- Action: Max to consider a shared github and practise implementation sessions.

Meeting closed 4:51
