# UWA PCS Annual General Meeting Agenda 2017-03-21
## Attendance
- Present
  - Andrew Gozzard (Gozz), Thomas Hill Almeida, James William Arcus, Timothy Davies, Lachlan Walling, Aden Huen, Mark Brockett Robson, Callum Sullivan, Ridge Shrubsall, Theodore Vickery, Matthew Stagoll, Jeremiah Glenn Pinto, Minh Le, Wong Pei Xiang, Lauren Gee, Aiden Taba, Jeremiah Glenn Pinto, Abrar Amin, Gavin Tay Fernandez, Frederick Subere-Albawy, Laura Peh, Seth Matthews
- Absent nominees
  - Max Ward, Anh Le, Nick Zito

Meeting opened at 13:15
Gozz chairs the meeting.
## Committee Reports
- President
  - Max sent Gozz a speech to read.
  - Hello, this is the first but not last presidents report.
  - Sorry he couldn't be there, but now Gozz has to say whatever Max wants.
  - Gozz says he is a scallywag and a buffoon.
  - Thanks the rest of committee.
  - Finally we're officially recognised.
    - Can accept sponsorship from Google and other companies.
    - Independent of CS department.
  - Thanks Gozz, Jake, Mark, Alex, Yuki.
- Vice President
  - Hi, not much to add.
  - Thanks to Max and rest of committee.
- Treasurer's report
  - Financial security, $68.
  - No planning on spending it much.
  - $100 float to be paid back.
- Secretaries report
  - No secretary is perfect, some are less perfect than others.
  - We've had a good turnout for the AGM. 
  - Computer science student club president contacted us, offered to do collabs and such.
## Adoption of constitution
- Guild has approved the constitution.
- Gozz asks if anyone hasn't seen the constitution (and cares).
  - Callum cares.
  - Callum and Gavin review the constitution.
- Gozz: The constitution technically doesn't apply yet, but we're going to say adopting it requires 2/3 majority vote.
- Gavin notes that fresher rep is exec.
  - Gozz: it's for convenience, and shouldn't cause issues.
  - Exec powers were discussed.
- Fresher rep is just a first time member of the club, not a uni fresher.
- The constitution doesn't support absentee vote. Must be paying member and present.
- James notes committee has power to levy fines, requires majority vote
  - Gozz: it's required and isn't expected to be used.
- Gozz moves to adopt constitution,
  - Lauren Gee seconds, motion passes unanimously.

## Elections
- Gozz nominates Elton Rodrigez as returning officer.
  - Mark Robbson seconds. Motion passes unanimously.
  - Gozz thanks Elton for being returning officer.
- RO moves to suspend standing orders.
  - Gozz seconds. Motion passes unanimously.
- President
  - Nominee(s): Max Ward (in absentia)
  - Max wins by default.
- Vice Pres
  - Nominees(s): Andrew Gozzard
  - Gavin nominates Tim. Tim declines.
  - Gozz wins by default.
- Treasurer
  - Nominees(s): Mark Robson
  - Mark wins by default
- Secretary
  - Nominees(s): Timothy Davies
  - Ridge nominates himself.
  - Tim speaks
    - Made a lot of mistakes, but wont make them again
    - Been involved in PCS for a couple of years
    - Has done secretary training
  - Ridge speaks
    - Has some experience writing minutes
    - Has been involved in ICPC for 5 years
  - Questions
    - Other club positions
      - Tim is UCC door member
      - Ridge has no other affiliations
    - Do you want to be Secretary
      - Tim feels it is a bit stressful, but is happy to help the club
      - Ridge is keen to be involved
    - Do you know how to send emails
      - Tim: yes
      - Ridge: yes
  - Nominees leave the room
  - RO calls the vote
    - The club welcomes Tim Davies as Secretary
  
- Fresh Rep
  - Nominees(s): Aden Huen, Theo Vickery, Viet Minh Le, Nick Zito (in absentia), Viet Anh Le (in absentia), Ridge Shrubsall
  - Theo and Ridge decline
  - Aden and Minh accept.
  - Aden speaks
    - Fourth year student
    - Joining to learn and compete in ICPC.
    - Wants to ensure he and other fresher get to learn as well as they can.
  - Minh speaks
    - A uni fresher, doing computer science and marketing.
    - Competitive programming club sounds cool, and seems like a good way to learn. 
    - Is friendly. Happy to talk to people.
  - Tim reads Anh's speech
    - First year student, new to clubs.
    - Organised, knowledge of computing from high school.
    - No problem talking to others, freindly and a good listender.
    - Will make sure that at least one pizza has pineapple.
  - RO reads Nick's speech
    - Is a certified student and a bona fide fresher, and you can't teach that (Enzo Amore).
    - Will do something productive.
    - Repping is better than his code.
  - Are you involved with other clubs?
    - All: No.
  - What programming language?
    - Aden: C++, Minh: Java
  - Nominees leave the room
  - RO calls the vote
    - The club welcomes Minh as Fresher Representative
- RO moves to reinstate standing orders
  - Gozz seconds. Motion passes unanimously.
## General Business
- Gozz: Moves to give Dr. Tim French honourary life membership.
  - Motion passes unanimously. 

Meeting closed at 14:02
