# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-03-07

Present: Tim, Gozz, Max, Mark, Minh
Meeting Opened 11:07

## President's report
- 2 contests happened over the summer break.
  - Did want to run 3
- Had 6 contests in a season which is a good baseline
- Want to give shirts to people who are high rated.
  - 2 people qualified for orange, none for purple.
- No training sessions over the summer.
- Set up a sponsorship with Google.
- Set up something with Optiver but we've not heard from them.
- New facebook page.
- Want to move club chat to slack so that we have a slack and a facebook page.
  - Will mirror announcements on slack and facebook pages. Main commmittee organisation is on slack.
  - Already made, just need to transition to it.
- The school may no longer be paying for flights for regionals.

## Vice Pres's report
- We got a sponsor.
- Finished contest image, was used in competition.
- Set up Oday
  - Went really well for a first time club
  - 40 financial signups, 18 mailing list registrations
- I have written an ammendment to the constitution to bring us up to a committee of 8
  - Adds 3 ocms and everything that goes along with that.
  - Intend to propose these ammendments at the AGM.
- Made minor upgrades and fixes with the website.
  - We now have an about page.
- Got the Oday grant.

## Treasurer's report
- Balance now stands at $393 in the cashbox.
- Helped write a contest.
- Spent time at Guild trying to get them to accept a credit card.
- Gozz: Should be sitting at $1167.50 in the guild account, with money from Google.
- Did the club carnival. 3 signups, many more interested. Handed out fliers.
- Arranged lecture bashing with Gozz.

## Secretary's report
- Helped with club carnival and Oday.
- Booked the room for the AGM. It will be announced today.
  - I will put an agenda out with Gozz's ammendments once they're checked by Guild.
- Played AoE2 with Max and Zac

## Fresh Rep's report
- Not much to report, sorry I disappeared about halfway through.

## General Business
- Gozz: $1000 from google, they've paid it. 
  - It's not yet shown up in account. 
  - Complained to Guild, they put through a ticket to get it sorted out. 
  - If not in acct by Friday last week then come and nag them.
- Action: Mark to wrangle guild to get money from Google.
- Mark: I intend to deposit almost everything
  - Gozz: Leave enough of a float that we can take memberships
- Max: We were going to do shirts
  - Mark: Will we have enough money if we're having to pay for flights?
  - Max: If necessary, people may pay for their shirts if they qualify.
- Gozz: Can get google swag, just need to give them 2 weeks notice.
- Max: Can do Merch. Let people pay for merch they've qualified for.
  - Can also have a normal club shirt.
  - Gozz: White shirts shouldn't be the standard.
  - Max: Grey's worse.
- Mark: We should send a followup to Optiver to ask if they're still interested.
- Max: Palastinian Cultural Society changed their acronym
  - Gozz: The facebook group name UWA PCS is now unavailable.
- How are we going to spend money?
  - Mark: We should save to pay for flights.
  - Max: No guarantee that the school will continue to pay for pizza.
  - Gozz: Last year was spinup. This is effectively the first real year of the club. Next year we can look at budget of last year and budget accordingly.
    - Gozz: This year we budget conservatively.
    - Mark: Will have to provide clear financial report when we have the AGM.
- Mark: For regionals, should we aim for 1 or two teams?
  - Gozz: 2 teams is an outlier.
- Max: We should figure out action items for the training schedule.
  - When's the next session and when will it be on?
  - Next week, do a facebook poll. 
  - Action: Minh and Tim to make a facebook poll on the new facebook group.
    - Link to it on the old facebook.
    - 5pm onwards, monday to friday as the options.
  - Action: Gozz to send intro email
  - Action: Max to organise the next training session.
- Gozz: We should move to having weekly meetings.

Meeting closed: 11:52

## Previous Action Items
- All done except:
  - Action: Gozz to write a blurb for potential sponsors. What they'd be doing, what they'd get out of it.
## Action Items 
- Action: Mark to wrangle guild to get money from Google.
- Action: Minh and Tim to make a facebook poll on the new facebook group.
- Action: Gozz to send intro email.
- Action: Max to organise the next training session.
