# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2018-03-16

Present: Gozz, Max, Minh, Tim, Mark

Meeting Opened 12:17
## President's report
- Since the last meeting we've been working on preparing for the AGM
- Did the president's summit
- Did our first training session
- Put together a training plan, but that's subject to change
- Organised training session times, Gozz helped. Rooms are all booked.

## Vice Pres's report
- Minor behind the scenes stuff
- Note to future committees: We should get started a lot sooner.
  - This includes Oday, Lecture bashing, intro sessions, training sessions, AGM.

## Treasurer's report
- Got back to guild, they had my student number wrong.
- Bank balance all good, google money in account.

## Secretary's report
- I went to the secretary summit.
- I've been emailing and making events for the AGM and the first training session.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Made the poll or the first training session.
- Worked on a club event calendar.
  - Gozz: Turns out Minh can make nice graphics.
  - Committee discusses our logo, we're happy with it.

## General Business
- Max's big list of wants and needs.
  - Events should be announced a couple of weeks in advance. 
    - Training sessions, club events, even committee meetings.
  - Gozz: We should do an EMP for the training sessions.
    - It's not required, but it's an easy way for us to meet guild's quota.
  - Max: Someone should write editorials to our competitions for the year.
  - We Should have a training resource page on the website. Including:
    - A gettings started guide
      - Everything you'd need to understand the other resources. e.g. What ICPC is, how to get involved in contests.
    - All of our slides
    - The editorials
    - All training information
  - Two people have earned shirts (Nick and Alex both earned yellow shirts). We need to make sure they get them. Would like to continue the tradition next year.
  - Would be nice to start selling merch.
  - I want a club event calendar. Minh's already started on it.
    - Minh: I've added the two training sessions for the next month.
  - I have been communicating with the university of adelaide club. I will pass over contact information. We're wanting to run a contest between the two of us, in an ANZAC style contest.
  - Contests to facilitate beginners and teams.
- Mark: Should keep new committee aware of companies we contacted
  - Optiver
  - Google
- Gozz: Should advertise the google comes to uwa event.

## Previous Action Items
- Action: Mark to wrangle guild to get money from Google.
  - Done
- Action: Minh and Tim to make a facebook poll on the new facebook group.
  - Done
- Action: Gozz to send intro email.
  - Done
- Action: Max to organise the next training session.
  - Done

## Action Items
- None

Meeting Closed 12:40
