# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-09-24

Meeting Opened:

Present: 

Apologies: Tom

Absent: Nic, G 

## Events

- Training
  - Gozz ran Matrices and Fast Doubling
    - Had 4-5 attendees plus 1-2 staff

- TWWWKS
  - Gozz cancelled Life in the Linux Terminal due to having but a single attendee
  - Tom is hoping for better attendance this week.

- ICPC
  - Went pretty well, barring a few hiccoughs
  - Congrats to Sometimes I Drink Barbecue Sauce In My Nightmares for placing third overall, second in Western division, and therefore qualifying to attend regionals!

- Unigames Game Theory Collab?

- CITS1401 Study night (DSC Collab)
  
- CITS1402 Study night (DSC Collab)

- Study Festival

- Charity Vigil
  - Nic: I propose we go with the Steam keys again for simplicity. It works, fits with the theme of our club and is generally welcomed by most
	  - Tom: Might run into the issue of possible overlap with UCC?

## General Business

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Nick- make channel in the slack for us to discuss the Study Festival
- ACTION: Nick - follow through with shirt orders
- ACTION: Dadams - investigate for after study break
- ACTION: Nick - make channel to discuss charity vigil prizes
- ACTION: Tom - make slides for latex
	- Basically done
	- Probably just needs a few more slides at most
	- Thanks to David and Tim Chapman (UCC OCM) for helping

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)
  - Ordered shirts
  - Made some slack channels
  - Competed in Regionals (fun)
  - Attended DSC / PCS 1402 study night 
  - Got excited and merged last week's minutes in too early (apologies)

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)
- I couldn't make the study night on Friday because UCC had a meeting that went until like 8:30.
- Have written slides for LaTeX stuff tomorrow.
	- Please take a look at them people.
- Still working on the book.
- Competed in Regionals and got clapped lmao.
	- Finished 5 questions in the first 1.5 hours and never solved another one.
- Reminder to all that our minutes should be a pull request until the next meeting, when we confirm them.
	- Make sure to squash the commits as well. Otherwise we get too much extra stuff.

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

## Secretary's report
  - put up fb and slack events for the study nights as seen earlier

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)
- Attended training last week. It went great.
- Did competition on the weekend. It went great.
- Helped out with CITS1401 study night last night. It went great.
- I also told a few of my CITS1401 students about PCS and they seemed to like the idea, maybe they'll join.

## OCM's report (Zahra Ussi)

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

## IPP report (Gozz)
- Ran both sesssions (or at least tried)
- Did tech stuff for ICPC

## Action Items

Meeting Closed:

Digressions:
