# UWA PCS Annual General Meeting 2019-03-05

Present: Nicholas Pritchard, Andrew Gozzard, Theo Vickery, Lauren Gee, Jesse Zhou, Wesley Cox, Alex Brown, Huey Charn Lee, James Myburgh,

Meeting opened 15:13

## Committee Reports
- President's report
  - (Unplanned)
  - We had a really good year this year, we ran regular training sessions and contests
    - Once Max took over the ANZAC contests mid year, following the previous persons retirement
  - We hit over 100 members
    - 25 returning members this year, which is exceptional for a club this size
  - Still getting our sponsorship from Google
  - We've swapped our site to cloud hosting, which should be more reliable
  - Thanks to the rest of the committee for all their hard work
  - I hope we have at least as good or even better this year
- Vice Pres's report
  - Continued structure for training sessions and competitions. We are now able to improve on past content
    - We have a solid bank of slides to keep working on
  - Excellent O-day with a lot of first-time members
  - We have a finals team 
    - 4 out of the last 5 years
  - We were involved with cross-club events this year (Charity Vigil) I hope we can continue
  - Big thanks to Gozz and Committee for dealing with me
- Treasurer's report
  - Hello all
  - I would like to 1st apologize for not being able to make the AGM in person and thank
<insert_you_name_here> for reading this on my behalf. Should you have any questions please call me on +61 481538725 or message me on slack.
  - To start off with I would like to report on the assets that we hold and how we have used them over the last year.
  - We currently have $1, 547.30 in out guild account and $ XXXX in petty cash
  - Which is roughly 2/3 from a google donation early last year at $990
  - And 1/3 membership
  - Moving to the negatives, out only ongoing cost is +-$35 a month for server hosting on digital ocean this amounts to $420 a year which is sustainable with membership should google stop its sponsorship. However, I encourage the next comity to watch this recurring cost.
  - I would like to close my report by thanking everyone for a great year and encouraging everyone to run for committee.
  - Final note call/ email/ slack message me anytime !
- Secretary's report
  - Been doing lots of sectretarial work over the year, sending emails, writing minutes, putting up events, booking rooms and suchlike.
  - Also ran a selection of training sessions over the year
  - Am apparently on the aforementioned world finals team to my great surprise
- Fresh Rep's report
  - As far as we can tell, he currently has 3 full time jobs, at least one of which is in the USA
  - It was nice having him around while he was here though
- OCM's Report - Lauren
  - Had a lot of fun this year
  - Things I did during my time on comittee:
    - Wrote slides for multiple training sessions
    - Presented at multiple training sessions
    - Attended many programming competitions, and mentored first year students
    - Attended study night and helped people with their units
    - Helped to prepare for the start of semester
      - Analysing timetables
      - Booking events
      - Signing up new members
- OCM Report - Tom
  - Also had great fun this year
  - Helped write some slides for training sessions
  - Wrote some competitions for the first part of the year, until becoming UCC VP
- OCM Report - Nick O
  - Did a minor bit of training session stuff
  - Helped out a lot with the site stuff
    - Transferring us to digital ocean
    - Somewhat rebuilding the site?
  - It was a pleasure being on committee

## Proposed Consitutional Amendments
- Gozz proposes the introduction of an Immediate Past President position to Committee
  - The IPP is a nonvoting position appointed by the executive decision of the President
  - Full changes are available to view online at https://github.com/uwapcs/constitution/pull/4
  - Preamble by Gozz:
    - Last year the committee gave a standing invitation to Max Ward, our immediate past president to attend committee meetings as if he were a regular nonvoting committee member
    - The propsed changes have the overall effect of adding the Immediate Past President Position to the committee
    - The new position would be non-voting, and optional
      - The new president, upon election, can decide if the IPP will be part of the committee
  - Discussion
    - James Myburgh: Why is this position optional?
      - Gozz: In some situations a club might have a terrible president elected one year, and the next year having that person remain on committee would be detrimental to the functioning of the club. This would give the new committee the option to have that person be not part of the committee
      - James Arcus: What benefits/powers does this give the IPP given that the committee meetings are open anyway?
      - Gozz: It would allow them to act on behalf of the committee as far as booking rooms and being part of the committee chat
   - Vote
     - Gozz moves to pass the motion
     - Tom Almeida Seconds
     - Vote passes unanimously
## Elections
- Gozz moves to waive the requirement for seconds
  - Alex Thatcher seconds
  - Passes n-3 for, to 3 against
- Suspend standing orders
  - Nomination of returning officers...
    - Gozz nominates Donald Sutherland
    - Donald accepts the nomination
    - Theo Vickery nominates Alex Thatcher
    - Alex declines
    - Gozz nominates Joshua Ng
    - (Nick O'Callaghan leaves at this point)
    - Joshua Ng Accepts the nomination
    - Gozz proposes Donald Sutherland and Joshua Ng as returning officers
    - Vote passes, n-1 for, 1 abstain
   - Suspension of standing orders and appointment of returning officers
     - Gozz moves to suspend standing orders
     - Vote passes, n-1 for, 1 abstention

- President
  - Nominations
    - Tom Almeida nominates Gozz
      - He accepts
    - Lauren nominates Nic Pritchard
      - He accepts
    - Gozz rescinds his acceptance
  - Speeches
  - Questions
  - Vote
    - Nick Pritchard wins be default

- Fresher Representative
  - Nominations
    - James Myburgh nominates himself
    - Lauren nominates Albert Smith
    - Keiran Underwood nominates himself
    - James Myburgh withdraws his nomination
    - David nominates all freshers
      - All others declined
    - Nominees are Albert Smith and Keiran Underwood
  - Speeches
    - Keiran Underwood
      - I'd like to be involved in the club as much as possible, it seems cool
    - Albert Smith
      - Well I've been nominated and it seems cool I guess
  - Questions
    - James Myburgh: Do they have any prior experience with clubs and management thereof?
      - KU: I'm currently on the committee for UWA volleyball, and have been on other committees
      - AS: No prior experience
    - Hilmi Abdul Hanif: What is your experience with Data structures and Algorithms to aid in teaching freshers?
      - KU: Minor experience, done CITS2002
      - AS: Lots of experience
    - Gozz: Why do you want to represent the freshers?
      - KU: I didn't interact with CS students much in my first years and would like to make up for that now
      - AS: I feel the club has really helped my a lot and I'd liek to give back
    - Lauren: Any plans/strategies for makgin freshers feel welcome?
      - KU: primarily talking to them and getting them to engage with the club
      - AS: I feel Making sure everything is well paced for the freshers is very important for their interaction as part of the club
  - Vote
    - Candidates make their votes to the RO's
    - Albert Smith is the new fresher representative

- Vice President
  - Nominations
    - Tom Almeida Nominates Gozz
    - Nick -> Tom Almeida
    - Lauren -> David Adams
    - Alex -> James Arcus
      - Decline
    - Gozz rescinds
  - Speeches
    - Tom Almeida
      - I've been a part of this club since it's founding and have been on committee this past year
      - Would like to continue to give back to the club and feels like 
    - David Adams
      - Hi, I'm david
      - Second year math/comp sci major
      - Some committee experience, VP at makers
      - feel confident in ability to make positive changes to the club
  - Questions
    - Gozz: What are your other obligations for other clubs? What else would you run for here?
      - Tom: Currently VP at UCC, nto running at the reelection this friday, running for anything else available
      - David: Currently VP at Makers, an OCM at space, running for UCC OCM on Friday, running for anything else available here
  - Vote
    - Tom is the new VP

- Treasurer
  - Nominations
    - Theo -> 
    - Gozz -> David Adams
    - Jesse -> Jesse
    - Theo -> Lauren (no)
    - David ->s Gozz (no)
  - Speeches
    - David: Have experience as the treasurer of makers for a time last year, very good with receipts and organisation
    - Jesse: Hi, I'm a 2nd year CS student, and I've really enjoyed being part of this club and have found it a valuabe learing experience. In high school I was in charge of fund raising and money handling with a small club. At uni was involved with TLG fundraising
  - Questions
    - KU: any plans for extra fundraising?
      - DA: There are currently no pressing needs for extra fundraising so no, but if a need arises would be willing to work on some new colutions
      - Jesse: Yes, I think it's good to keep fundraising just in case
    - James Myburgh: How much savings should we have for safety?
      - Jesse: I think a solid amount to keep the club afloat is necessary and changes should be made
      - DA: I don't think any changes need to be immediately made
    - James Arcus: Other positions?
      - DA: same as above
      - Jesse: no other clubs, all other positions here
  - Vote
    - Jesse is the new treasurer

- Secretary
  - Nominations
    - Keiran -> David (y)
    - DA -> Gozz (y)
    - Tom -> Lauren (n)
    - gozz withdraws
    - David -> Alex (n)
    - David -> Theo (n)
  - Speeches
  - Questions
  - Vote
    - David wins by default
  
- Ordinary Committee Members
  - Nominations
    - Tom -> James Arcus (y)
    - Nick P -> James Myburgh (y)
    - Seamus -> Seamus (y)
    - Jesse -> Lauren (y)
    - tom -> Theo (n)
    - NP -> Keiran (y)
  - Speeches
    - JA: Hi, I'm a james, 4th year cs/phys student. Lots and lots of free times this year (1 unit each sem). Currently an OCM at UCC, VP of photography. Enjoyed being part of the club, helped run some lectures over the year, wants to do more
    - JM: Returning to UWA after a 3 year break, 1st/2nd year student. Would like to run for PCS as the club seems to be one of the best teaching experiences on campus. Been and OCM at the dunsborough bay yacht club, so some experience being on committee. Wants to help get the club out to more people to display how good we are
    - Seamus: 5th year software/CS undergrad. currently an OCM at UWA league club. Always been very passionate about competitive programming, did informatics olympiad in highschool. Been really trying to work to improve his skills, would like to join to improve and share his passion
    - Lauren: Have been an OCM for the past year, wants to be able to keep helping out running training sessions etc. Not sure if I need/want to be on committee for the sorts of things I want to do
    - Keiran: Reasons are same as above, 2nd year CS student, 6th year student. Pro skynet (v bold)
  - Questions
    - Tom: writing problems/editorials?
      - JA: very keen to do some of this
      - JM: no experience
      - S: keen to learn/try this out
      - KU: no experience, v keen
      - LG: have written problems before, keen to do more
    - Tom: helping with server management?
      - James: Yes
      - JM: happy to learn
      - S: willing to learn
      - Keiran: willing to learn
      - Lauren: no real experience
    - Lauren: exec future years?
      - JA: yes
      - JM: keen from what I've seen thus far
      - S: keen
      - Keiran: keen but depending on country
      - Lauren: Not a good fit for exec
    - JM: changing the club?
      - JA: changes if necessary
      - JM: looking to changes to make
      - S: yes, good changes are good
      - KU: change if needed
      - LG: changes if necessary
  - Vote
    - JA, S, Lauren, are the new OCMs of PCS

- Reinstate standing orders
  - Gozz moves to reinstate standing orders
  - Passes with one abstention
  
## General Business
- Gozz: That ends the elections, hope the new committee has a great year
  - If you didn't get a position stick around and be involved with the club
- Nick P: I decide that Gozz shall be formally recognised as the IPP within the new committee
- JM: Could you elaborate on the sponsorships the club has
  - Gozz: Guild gives us money as reimbursement for the normal things that a club can/might do
    - We usually don't apply for much reimbursement as we have fairly minimal expenses
    - We will have to start paying for the digital ocean cloud hosting for our website
    - Google just gives us a flat $1000 a year because they feel like it
- NP: Behold the lovely PCS shirts we have, do you want one maybe?
  - Well stay tuned
- Alex Brown: Could we have some sort of crash course at the beginning of second semester?
  - committee agrees with this proposal
- (Alex Thatcher leaves at this point)
- Hilmi: Is there a reading list?
  - Gozz: Yes, look up our resources section on the website
- Last call for general business

Meeting closed 16:43
