# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-04-01

This meeting was held informally on slack due to it being study break and people not coming into UWA

Meeting Opened:

Present: Nick, Lauren, Jesse, David, Albert, Seamus, Gozz

Apologies: 3:17

Absent: Tom, James

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- Resolved sudo meeting on slack

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- Not present

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- Working on problem for tom

## Secretary's report (David Adams)

- Working on graph slides

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

- Helped out with IOI selection exams
- might be writing problems as am more free
- working on graph slides

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- spent a lot of time marking last week
- pretty busy at the moment TIKs will be learned in the near future
  - frames has done tutorial on this 

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

- very little to report
- did rated code forces competitions
- Gozz - did your computer catch fire? 

## OCM's report (James)

No report submitted

## IPP report (Gozz)

- what have I even been busy with??? 
- has made a major breakthrough with PHD WOOOOO

## Events

- Training tomorrow
  - slides are being prepared
  - it will be done late
- Trining next week
  - dynamic programming, and will be the last topic of the semester
  - last two weeks should be something more easy especiallly with assigments being due
  - last week should be study session, second last week could be a social event
    - we should start sprooking they study session
    - gozz will be able to take this session
- tech topic reloaded
  - practical programming thing
  - lauren to allocate brain space for thinking
  - what I wish I knew in first year? 
  - advertise to everyone and get as many people to come along
  - introduction to nogramming how to get better at everything
  - first session we tell people the course plan and get them to come back week to week
- anzac 
  - happening on may the 18th
  - we should have some emps to get the doors unlocked

## General Business

- create a specific problem set for the training sessions
  - we need to create handover documents that will remind people to do this work
- think about what we are doing next semester
- UPS profs and pints are not being useful
  - it was going to be a tag on at best so are probably going to drop it
- on the 10th of may and we should start preparing it
- interview prep
  - gage the interest for this event and see who is interested
- think about moving slides to bemur but we all need to learn tiks
- there should be another contest sometime soon
  - tom is ready for this
  - should there be a separate pool for problem writers
  - or strafify the writing

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: @Dadams and @Albert to write and present Graph Theory 2 (ongoing)
- ACTION: @Gozz @Nicholas Pritchard @Lauren Gee @Tom Almeida Prepare a Git session for intro to programming (delayed)
- ACTION: @Nicholas Pritchard Spruke Cameron Hall Quiz Night (ongoing)
- ACTION: @Nicholas Pritchard Find out whose interested in interview Prep (ongoing)

## Action Items

- ACTION: nick - work out plan of action for the study session in week 12
- ACTION: nick - put issues up on the issue board for longer term projects
- ACTION: everyone - find a name for practical programming
- ACTION: nick - sprook cameron hall quiz night
- ACTION: nick - send out the bat signal for interview training
- ACTION: lauren - do tiks

## Digressions

total: 11
Gozz: 6
albert: 3
Lauren: 1
nick: 1 (no regrets)

meeting closed:  3:56