# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-04-23

This meeting was held informally on slack due to it being study break and people not coming into UWA

Meeting Opened:

Present:

Apologies:

Absent:

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- Ran graph theory training - albeit rather poorly IMO, research is starting to make me time poor.
- Helped with a CITS1401 study night run by data-science club. They expressed interest in collaborating (will be discussed later)
- Messaged UPS about profs. and pints, varying levels of competence (again, discussed later)

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- I have enough problems to run a contest, I am currently in the process of getting everything set up.
   - Max has offered to test run everything which is fantastic
   - Thanks to everyone (Jesse and Albert) that have already given me problems!
- Posted the calendar link to the site (finally)

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- Attended Tuesday Training.
- Worked more on new problem.
- Nothing else to report.

## Secretary's report (David Adams)

- Had wisdom teeth out and am now well recovered, but due to pre-ops have not gotten much stuff done
- went to a meeting at the Blockchain center perth
  - they are very keen to host events there
  - are willing to do so free of charge (they want to promote the new space)

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

- was not at training because had stuff to do, willing to help with / read over slides and stuff
- tom has the problem i wrote bringing my problems contributed count to... 1. i might write some more. who knows.

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- Helped out with CITS1401 Python study night, with the Data Science club / Science Union
- Reminded Tom to put calendar link on PCS website.
   - Calendar link has been posted on About page and Resources page.
   - Also, new shortlink pcs.org.au/cal
- Reminded NP to post a new whenisgood
   - People need to do the whenisgood. Only five responses so far, need four more
- Attended training session Tuesday
- Have been doing marking. It is tiresome
   - It was hard to find a working computer that can support BlueJ and Excel. It's a long story
- Haven't learnt Tikz yet, but I will soon
- Taylor from Unigames suggested I set up a PCS table for the Cameron Hall quiz night
   - We should probably spruik the event in general too

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

No report submitted

## OCM's report (James)

No report submitted

## IPP report (Gozz)

No report submitted

## Events

- Traning session: Graph theory II
  - (nick) I won't be able to adequately prepare to present this but can help with slide preparation
  - (David) I could potentially present this and prepare to do so
  - (Albert) willing to help with slide prep
  - Memes
- Intro to Programming - Final listed event is next week
  - @Gozz has suggested a 'How to Git' Session. I like this a lot and is a suitable way to round-out the sessions before moving to general technical talks (if we would like)
  - (Gozz) I think it's a great idea and can run it if no one else feels more comfortable talking about it
    - will need to learn some git theory though
  - (Nick) I would be happy to help with content preparation
  - (Lauren) I am by no means an expert on Git, and I barely know any of the commands and stuff, but I have in the past done things that seemed pretty complicated in git. One time, I wanted to take a folder in one git repo, and copy it to turn it into its own git repo, where the new git repo still has the commit history of the original git repo, but only the commit history relevant to that one folder. It was tricky, but I got it to work. Trying to remember how... it was something to do with filter-branch. I might have had to do something else as well
    - One of the main things I get stuck on in git, is how to undo stuff if I enter in the wrong git command. So that could be good to cover.
    - One time I moved a folder without also editing my gitignore, so I accidentally committed some huge files into the repo. And I wasn't sure how to undo a commit without also undoing all the file changes in the commit. If I did another commit to put the huge files back in the gitignore, the huge files would still be in the commit history, so it would still take a huge upload time to push my changes to Bitbucket. I figured it out eventually tho
  - (David) can also help with the git session, Have done tutorial style git sessions with cfc in the past
  - Something that's worth doing with git is noting that as soon as you push to somewhere where you don't have terminal access (e.g. GitHub/GitLab) you basically can't revert anything nicely anymore
  - (Lauren) Also, we need to convince all the people that using Git is the best idea. Cos a lot of people would think 'too much hassle, why bother?' and then later run into trouble that having version control would have helped with
- Cameron Hall Quiz Night
  - Happening 10th of May
- UPS Profs. and Pints
  - UPS have been somewhat helpful but also not the greatest at communicating their plans. If they want equal financial contribution we should be able to exert equal input

## General Business

- Data Science Club
  - After helping with their 1401 session (+ Lauren) they have verbally expressed interest in running a 'Datathon' next semester and collaborating.
  - If this goes ahead I see no problem with promoting their event; they appear to be a rather competent club I've directed them to email us, nothing so far
- UEC Study Night
  - UEC have not provided any updates since last meeting. This may not eventuate
- alternate meeting time
  - Various people have and have not responded to the new poll. A meeting time needs to be decided on in the near future.
- Interview Preparation
  - (Nicj) Spurred by interest from a new member seeking interview help It's that time of year where people are having interviews (possibly already). There are a number of things we can do
  - Depending on how many people are interested it might be an idea to hold a group event?
  - (Lauren) Interview help/practice is a great idea. We've done it in previous years, splitting up into smaller groups, and interviewing each other. I remember my group went up to 2.28, and used the whiteboard there

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION - lauren - learn to learn TKS (In progress)
- ACTION - nick - sprook events (done)
- ACTION - gozz - write autocrat (in progress)
- ACTION - nick - organise informal online meeting (further along than last wekk)

## Action Items

- ACTION: @Dadams and @Albert to write and present Graph Theory 2
- ACTION: @Gozz @Nicholas Pritchard @Lauren Gee @Tom Almeida Prepare a Git session for intro to programming
- ACTION: @Nicholas Pritchard Spruke Cameron Hall Quiz Night
- ACTION: @Nicholas Pritchard Find out whose interested in interview Prep

## Digressions

Total actually: 0
Total potentially: Infinite
