# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-mm-dd

Meeting Opened: 14:14

Present: Tom Nick, zahra, Jesse, David, ALbert

Apologies: Lauren, Gozz

Absent: Seamus

## Events

- Training
  - Gozz ran Matrices and Fast Doubling on the 17th
    - Had 4-5 attendees plus 1-2 staff
  - Dadams is on tonight
  - Albert and gozz will be called up for expected value DP

- TWWWKS
  - Gozz cancelled Life in the Linux Terminal on the 18th due to having but a single attendee
  - Tom is hoping for better attendance this week.
  - Facebook was being an absolute nightmare did not help attendance
  - we should get data science club to promo our events for next year
  - tom - "my one friend" who is doing data science

- ICPC
  - Went pretty well, barring a few hiccoughs
  - Congrats to Sometimes I Drink Barbecue Sauce In My Nightmares for placing third overall, second in Western division, and therefore qualifying to attend regionals!
  - we really should have had more teams
  - we should put more contests during training
    - first training session next year must include a contest
      - the digressions are going very well
    - this should be done over the holidays

- Unigames Game Theory Collab?
  - we do not have time to do this justice this year
  - collaborate with the chess people to make the chess solver

- CITS1401 Study night (DSC Collab)
  - Gozz, Lauren, and David attended and helped out
  - Decent turnout
  - time this better next itme
  
- CITS1402 Study night (DSC Collab)
  - Nic Attended
  - Good turnout
  - midsem was the next day

- Study Festival
  - zahra and nick attended
  - There is a great deal to talk about. Last meeting was very productive
  - DOS the building!
  - Date: 2019-11-01
  - Time: 13:00 - 17:00
  - Place: EZONE (an entire floor)
  - Units
    - CITS4009 (DSC)
    - CITS2002 (PCS)
    - CITS3402 (PCS)
    - CITS1401 (DSC)
    - CITS1001 (PCS)
    - CITS1402 (DSC)
  - The event will be ticketed mainly for attendance and the rooms have a set capcity
  - Week 11: Club Pre-release (entice members to attend first)
  - Week 12: General release
  - Week 13: Actual event
  - Additionally we will have stickers for people to display what languages they would be happy to help with
    - R
    - Python
    - C
    - Java
    - SQL
    - Haskell ;)
  - Will also have a tiny stall for drinks and snack (largely a DSC thing)

- Charity Vigil
  - Nic: I propose we go with the Steam keys again for simplicity. It works, fits with the theme of our club and is generally welcomed by most
    - Tom: Might run into the issue of possible overlap with UCC?
    - Gozz: We previously went with providing specific programming-themed games (SHENZHEN I/O, TIS-100, and EXAPUNKS)
    - I have a template to make nice little coupons in the Drive from last year, but currently have no printer
    - Someone please make little coupons (they are designed to fold and be sealed to hide the code)
  - Gozz got humble keys, with printing the coupons came to a total of $58.40
  - Event went well, very fun
  - Unfortunately low PCS attendance, but we *technically* ran the most profitable individual event with Debating (thanks, Jasmine!)
  - eftpos scandal
    - UCC reps had epfpos machines out for people and sub committee agreed
    - UCC got the machines out
    - felix resigned and deleted his account the day before this decision was made
    - on the night the eftpos machines were not used and they needed to be returne
    - felix was not able to return them as he could not get into the room and the rest of the sub-committee forgot
    - UCC is in for a substantial fine min (160) max (960)
      - cannot come out of the proceeds
      - UCC cannot blame it on a single person as they are an incorporated body
      - other option is to spread the cost among the clubs
        - worst case of $240 (not 215 thanks albert) and best case of $40
        - other csase is how to split it or weather UCC takes the whole blame
    - the decision is up to the subcommittee

## General Business

- icpccc
  - we should make a compier

- training for regional teams
  - this should be done on the slack channel

- we have shirts now
  - payment will need to come through

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Nick- make channel in the slack for us to discuss the Study Festival
- ACTION: Nick - follow through with shirt orders
- ACTION: Dadams - investigate for after study break
- ACTION: Nick - make channel to discuss charity vigil prizes
- ACTION: Tom - make slides for latex Done

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- Ordered shirts
- Made some slack channels
- Competed in Regionals (fun)
- Attended DSC / PCS 1402 study night
- Got excited and merged last week's minutes in too early (apologies)
- Shirts have arrived
- Attended Study Festival Meeting with Zahra

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- Reminder to everyone that we don't merge minutes until they are confirmed in the next meeting.
- Woo we have a clubroom!
- Gozz and I have been talking about possible locking and remote access mechanisms for the clubroom.

- I couldn't make the study night on Friday because UCC had a meeting that went until like 8:30.
- Have written slides for LaTeX stuff tomorrow.
  - Please take a look at them people.
- Still working on the book.
- Competed in Regionals and got clapped lmao.
  - Finished 5 questions in the first 1.5 hours and never solved another one.
- Reminder to all that our minutes should be a pull request until the next meeting, when we confirm them.
  - Make sure to squash the commits as well. Otherwise we get too much extra stuff.
- woo we have a clubroom
- have been working on ideas for locking the door of this new clubroom
- is one bad event away from quitting UCC

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- went to divisionals
- team did ok
- wrote the newsletter
- club currently has $3018.69

## Secretary's report

- put up fb and slack events for the study nights as seen earlier
- helped with latex slides
- prepared number theory slides
- lord help me

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

- have done freshery things like not turning up to events
- went to divisionals and qualified
- turned up to a meeting

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- Attended training last week. It went great.
- Did competition on the weekend. It went great.
- Helped out with CITS1401 study night last night. It went great.
- I also told a few of my CITS1401 students about PCS and they seemed to like the idea, maybe they'll join.

## OCM's report (Zahra Ussi)

- has not been to as many eents as would have like to
- has confirmed internship for this year with accenture :)

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

N/A

## IPP report (Gozz)

- Ran both sesssions (or at least tried) in week starting 2019-09-15
- Did tech stuff for ICPC
- Helped out at CITS1401 night
- Attended/ran Charity Vigil

## Action Items

- ACTION: everyone  - pay for shirts
- ACTION: everyone - write problems

Meeting Closed: 14:59

Digressions: 23
