# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-10-22
Meeting Opened: 14:10

Present: Nic, Jesse, Lauren, Zahra, Tom

Apologies: Gozz

Absent: Albert, Seamus


## Events
  - Study Marathon
    - Interesting edge case that Nic is lecturering CITS3402. Ruling is that Nic cannot attend that session. If the lords of CS feel like being mean perhaps the whole event.
    - ACTION: Tom to head CITS3402
    - EFTPOS machines have been suggested
      - ACTION: Tom to talk to UCC about using their Square reader
      - ACTION: Nic to talk to DSC if they are okay with using UCCs account
    - Stall ideas
       - Small chip packets from Coles
       - Some cans
       - Some fruit
       - Keep it simple
     - ACTION: Jesse to get a float out sometime
     - ACTION: Everyone to list their attendance for the event in the Slack channel
  - Charity Vigil
    - EFTPOS debarcle still ongoing 
## General Business
  - Shirt payments are still being dealt with. Nic will need re-imbursement at some point
  - Clubroom idea (distant). SPGs for major projects are now justified. Ordering more merchandise to have on hand
## President's report
  - Attended SOC meeting
  - Submitted tenancy agreement
  - Sent out newsletter
  - M A R K I N G
## Vice Pres's report
  - I've now RO'ed a bunch of general meetings
  - My attempted coup of SOC apparently (barely) failed
  - Still slammed by assessments
  - Also still working on the book
## Treasurer's report
  - Wrote newsletter
  - Accepted some moneies for shirts
  - $3041.69 in the Treasure
## Secretary's report
  - N/A
## Fresh Rep's report
  - N/A
## OCM's report (Lauren)
  - Spoke to Wes about CITS1001
  - ACTION: Nic to add Wes to Slack channel
  - Asked to do work for PhD 
## OCM's report (Zahra)
  - Submitted 2002
  - Still dealing with the semester
  - ACTION: Zahra to give Nic github handle
  - ACTION: Zahra to post about choir performance in Slack channel
## OCM's report (Seamus)
  - N/A
## IPP report
  - N/A
## Previous Action Items
  - ACTION: everyone - pay for shirts
  - ACTION: everyone - write problems
  - ACTION: Nic to make material for study festival
  - ACTION: Nic to help with CITS3402 in study festival
  - ACTION: Tom to help with CITS2002 in study festival
  - ACTION: Lauren to help with CITS1001 in study festival
## Action Items 
  - ACTION: Tom to talk to UCC about using their Square reader
  - ACTION: Nic to talk to DSC if they are okay with using UCCs account
  - ACTION: Tom to head CITS3402
  - ACTION: Jesse to get a float out sometime
  - ACTION: Everyone to list their attendance for the event in the Slack channel
  - ACTION: Nic to add Wes to Slack channel
  - ACTION: Zahra to give Nic github handle
  - ACTION: Zahra to post about choir performance in Slack channel
Meeting Closed: 14:45

Digressions: 10
