# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-02-03
Meeting Opened: 10:47

Present: Nic, Seamus, Tom, Lauren

Apologies: Gozz

Absent: Jesse, Albert, Zahra, David

## Events
  - Un-Charity Vigil
    - We're running debates
    - ACTION: Nic to organize Jasmine
    - ACTION: Pizza ordering spreadsheet
    - ACTION: Nic to get a door prize
  - O-Day
    - Gozz will not be back in time (fly back 2020-02-23)
      - Still welcome to use my marquee, but it is a bit tatty and might be worth getting a good new one, since we use it at least hree times a year. I believe Unigames are happy with the one they got.
    - ACTION: Nic to generate roster for help 
    - Cameron hall clubs running tours of Cam Hall, we should be a part of this
  - Fresher Welcome
    - Date: Friday 28-02 (week 1)
    - Time: Lunch at 12
    - Venue: CS 1.24
    - Introductory session and a Pizza run 
    - ACTION: Dadams EMP for the Fresher Welcome
    - ACTION: Dadams room booking
    - ACTION: Nic introduction slides
  - AGM
    - Date: 06-03 (tentatively)
    - Venue: Guild exec room
    - Time: 1pm
    - ACTION: Dadams for AGM emp 
    - ACTION: Dadams for AGM room booking
    - ACTION: Tom to get some standing officers
    - ACTION: Nic to create events and such
    - ACTION: Nic to get ERF form ready
  - Club Carnival
    - Tuesday of week 2 
    - Merch needs to be there
    - Marquee as well 

## General Business
  - Confirm past minutes
    - Nic Motions that we accept all currently pending past minutes. Seamus seconds
      - Passes unanimously
    - ACTION: Tom to cherry-pick commits and generally cleanup the minute repo 
  - Clubroom
    - Possible to get a new lock fitted (Pending the help of SOC)
    - Another option is to get keys cut from UCA copy (pending approval from Guild)
    - Currently we sign out the spare key for Guild Student services for a day (CHR48)
    - ACTION: NIc to abuse power to key new kkesy
    - ACTION: Nic to write clubroom application again 
    - Future clubroom things
      - Furniture
      - Preparation for O-day
  - Merchandise
    - Stickers
      - Nic MOTIONS $30 for 2020 Membership stickers. Tom seconds
      - Passes unanimously 
      - ACTION: Nic to get stickers sorted
    - Shirts
      - Seems to a weak point
      - We may possibly be able to hold stock in the clubroom
      - Consider a re-design or amusing design
  - Next Meeting
    - We need another one at some point before O-day
    - ACTION: Nic whenisgood from 11-02 to 20-02 for committee meeting
  - Lecture bashing
    - ACTION: Lauren to look at time-tabling and roster people 
    - 1001
    - 2200
    - 1401
    - STAT??? (second year data science)
  - Handover Document
    - ACTION: Everyone to write something in handover document
  - Training
    - Currently a draft exists in the Google drive. Please have a look everybody 
    - Lauren did timetabling
    - Mondays and Wednesdays is a good idea according to time-tabling 4-6pm as usual
    - ACTION: Nic to prepare info sessions
    - ACTION: Dadams to recurring EMP for training
    - ACTION: Dadams to book rooms for training
  - Contests
    - Introductory welcome-back
    - Code-jam some point
    - Study break contest contest 
  - Long(er)-Term Events
    - World finals viewing
    - Relay for Life S2 think of fundraising
    - Cameron Hall Quiz Night 
    - Cameron Hall-O-Ween
    - Unigames x PCS Game Theory 
    - Study-Festival
  - Site topup
    - Motion: Re-imburse Nic up to $100AUD for $50USD Digital Ocean Credit. Seamus seconds
      - Passes unanimously (Nic abstains)
      - ACTION: Nic to purchase $50USD DO Credit and email receipt through to Jesse
  - SOC Meeting
    - Wedensday 7pm Tatersall
    - ACTION: Nic to go to SOC Meeting

## President's report
  - Multiple Un-charity meetings
  - Posted O-day application
  - Multiple attempts to get keys
  - Attended general Cameron Hall planning meeting
  
## Vice Pres's report
  - Fixed up some issues in the pull request for previous minutes
	  - It's still going to be a mess for next time, so could we maybe make additional branches for each meeting?
	  - I'm happy to write a doc about how minutes should be done/merged
  - Still in Sydney

## Treasurer's report
  - N/A
## Secretary's report
  - N/A
## Fresh Rep's report
  - N/A
## OCM's report - Lauren
  - In Sydney tutoring, very fun
  - Timetabling 
  - Everything sux rn
## OCM's report - Seamus
  - Personal projects
## OCM's report - Zahra
  - N/A
## IPP report
  - Set up uwapcs-committee GitHub account (password in [uwapcs/secrets](https://github.com/uwapcs/secrets/blob/master/vault/github.com/uwapcs-committee))
  - Used uwapcs-committee account to set up the [Cameron Hall Interclub Operational Network (ICON)](https://github.com/cameron-hall-icon)
    - Added unigames github account as member
    - Transferred subcommittee_regulations repository to ICON
      - Set up automated builds with GitHub Actions
  - Set up automated builds and releases for constitution

## Previous Action Items
  - ACTION: Nic to register for O-Day
  - ACTION: Nic to create new Google drive files for membership
  - ACTION: Everyone to brainstorm new sub-event ideas
  - ACTION: Nic to email UCA regarding un-charity vigil
  - ACTION: Nic to purchase $50US D.O. credits and email the receipt to Jesse
  - ACTION: Nic to commit previous minutes in
  - ACTION: Everyone to contribute to the handover document
  - ACTION: Everyone to think of nifty ways to furnish and use the clubroom

## Action Items 
  - ACTION: Nic to organize Jasmine
  - ACTION: Nic Pizza ordering spreadsheet
  - ACTION: Nic to get a door prize
  - ACTION: Nic to generate roster for help 
  - ACTION: Dadams EMP for the Fresher Welcome
  - ACTION: Dadams room booking for FW
  - ACTION: Nic introduction slides
  - ACTION: Lauren to look at time-tabling and roster people 
  - ACTION: Lauren to look at time table for training sessions
  - ACTION: Dadams for AGM emp 
  - ACTION: Dadams for AGM room booking
  - ACTION: Tom to get some standing officers
  - ACTION: Nic to create events and such
  - ACTION: Nic to get ERF form ready
  - ACTION: Tom to cherry-pick commits and generally cleanup the minute repo 
  - ACTION: Nic to abuse power to key new kkesy
  - ACTION: Nic to write clubroom application again 
  - ACTION: Nic to get stickers sorted
  - ACTION: Nic whenisgood from 11-02 to 20-02 for committee meeting
  - ACTION: Everyone to write something in handover
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare info sessions
  - ACTION: Dadams to recurring EMP for training
  - ACTION: Dadams to book rooms for training
  - ACTION: Nic to purchase $50USD DO Credit and email receipt through to Jesse
  - ACTION: Nic to go to SOC Meeting

Meeting Closed: 11:37am
