# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-mm-dd

Meeting Opened: *14:18*

- Present 
	- Nic
	- Tom
	- Zahra
	- Lauren
	- Gozz

- Apologies
	- Dadams
	- Albert
	- Jesse

- Absent
	- Seamus

## Events
- Training
	- Nic: Forgot to organise for today
	- Lauren: Expected Value DP should probably have happened
	- Gozz: We should have a regulation that someone is events officer
		- For making sure these get done
		- Nic: Yeah, probably a good idea
		- Should be a regulation and not a part of the constitution
		- Lauren used to sort of have this role

- TWWWKS
	- Finished for the semester

- Study Festival
	- There is a great deal to talk about. Last meeting was very productive
	- Date: 2019-11-01
	- Time: 13:00 - 17:00
	- Place: CS Building (pending lab booking confirmation)
		- This is the change from last week
	- Units (that we are looking after)
		- CITS2002 (PCS)
			- ACTION: Tom to help with this
		- CITS3402 (PCS)
			- ACTION: Nic to help with this
		- CITS1001 (PCS)
			- ACTION: Lauren to help with this
	- Promotional material also needs creating
		- ACTION: Nic to make

- Charity Vigil
	- The saga continues
	- CIRCULAR: PCS is of the opinion that the Guild should waive the late return fee for the EFTPOS terminals used at Charity Vigil.
		- 7:0:0
	- CIRCULAR: In the event that the fee is not waived, PCS believes UCC is singularly and wholly responsible for paying the fine, however they see fit.
		- 5:0:1
	- CIRCULAR: In the event that the fee is not waived and UCC does not cover the fine, PCS believes a meeting of club treasurers should be held to determine a reasonable division of the fine among the clubs.
		- 7:0:0
	- Fee is down to $140
		- Only charged for business hours
	- Gozz has suggested to UCC VP that we ask to make it a donation to charity instead

## General Business
- Shirt payments
	- Can't do without Jesse
		- :(
	- ACTION: Nic to email people about shirts
- Clubroom
	- We have signed Tenancy agreement
		- Needs to be submitted
	- Meeting with UCA
		- Had a good chat with them
		- Was very informal
		- Seem keen about the clubroom
		- Mostly second-years
		- Are mostly using the clubroom to store chessboards
	- Gozz was looking at ethernet in the room from IT
		- In the order of $1k for straight through the wall
- SOC Meeting
	- Is tomorrow
	- Nic is going
	- Tom is running

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: everyone - pay for shirts
	- Not done
	- Jesse where
- ACTION: everyone - write problems
	- Not done
	- Tom is angry

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)
- Marking
- Met with UCA exec.
- Filed tenancy form

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)
- Still working on the book
- Has a billion concurrently running assignments
- Is praying for the end of semester
- Am running for SOC Treasurer/OCM

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)
- Sends apologies

## Secretary's report
- Gave training last session
	- Was well attended
	- Everyone was very tired
	- Forgot how to solve a combinatorics question
		- Solid memes
- Science Union has put out a request for clubs to do industry careers night next Thursday (26/10)
	- Will be there for Makers
	- Might be a good idea for PCS as well

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)
- What Fresher Rep?

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)
- Hasn't done much, was sick
- Helped with training session

## OCM's report (Zahra Ussi)
- Has too many things on
- Is struggling with C project

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)
- Absent

## IPP report (Gozz)
- Set up an uptime bot in Slack to keep an eye on the website

## Action Items
- ACTION: everyone - pay for shirts
- ACTION: everyone - write problems
- ACTION: Nic to make material for study festival
- ACTION: Nic to help with CITS3402 in study festival
- ACTION: Tom to help with CITS2002 in study festival
- ACTION: Lauren to help with CITS1001 in study festival

Meeting Closed: *14:59*

Digressions: 20
