# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-08-21

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:08*

Present:

- Tom
- Alden
- Nic
- Ryan
- Seamus

Apologies:

- Zahra

Absent:

- Gozz
- Dadams
- Jordan

## President's report

- Ran AlgPractice 3
  - Contest is still going
  - This problem set is a little spicy, so most people haven't done more than
    one problem
  - ANZAC was mentioned, but probably too difficult for them
- Attended BusyBee
  - Clubroom was somewhat dirty, but that's not our fault at all
  - We probably need to roster people to sweep the floor occasionally
- Attended Tenancy Meeting
  - Was very beefy this time
  - Only major information was that clubroom movings won't happen until January
    - The plan for moving rooms is subject to Guild adding three new rooms
  - We should assume that the current plans for reallocation will go ahead
    - But they probably won't happen
- Attended Soc Meeting
  - No food
  - They have lots of money now and want to give it away
  - If we could lump expenses, they can reimburse it
    - Note from Tom: Try to keep the actual receipt values low, they have
      reverse marginal taxes
- Wrote Friday Challenge
  - Will go up after the meeting
  - Fun little translator problem
  - Conceptually interesting, computationally easy

## Vice Pres's report

- "Yes, ummmmm"
- Managed to come up with some rough deadlines for work
- Hasn't had a huge amount of sleep in the last week

## Treasurer's report

- Nothing to report.
- Will create a poll this weekend and post it to PCS #general channel to gauge
  interest for shirts.

## Secretary's report

- Started writing my thesis
- Will likely be "dead" for the rest of the semester
  - Won't be able to help much with any activities

## Fresh Rep's report

Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Working on a problem for the Friday challenge
- Did one of the algorithm challenge problems

## IPP report

Absent

## Events

- Nic: ANZAC 4
  - Announcements have been a bit late, so we probably won't have great turnout
  - Will be one big Zoom room with breakout rooms for teams
  - Many of us can't dedicate the time ourselves to compete
- Nic: IntroProg 3
  - Zahra has done an event and a discord post
  - Python's being skipped
- Nic: AlgPractice 4
  - Nic: Can I have a break for a week sometime soon?
    - Has written 3/4 problems a week for the last few weeks
    - Probably won't be able to bash out a full contest
  - Will be graphs this week, followed by greedy
- Nic: IntroProg 4
  - Need to ping Gozz to see what they're doing
  - We might run the game theory session instead if they're done
- Nic: Cam Hall Quiz Night
  - We weren't asked to be a part of any subcommittee for this
  - Would be nice to be involved, but we probably shouldn't be *too* involved
  - Let's just push it to our members but not actually organize things

## General Business

- Nic: Friday Challenge Week 5
  - Alden: Isn't finished with problem yet, but should be done by next week
  - Dadams' problem should be soonish
- Nic: Newsletter
  - Going up Sunday
  - ACTION: Nic/Zahra to draft and send out newsletter
    - Could put quiz night details in it as well
- Nic: Finding an alternate meeting time
  - Based on the WhenIsGood, the only feasible time is 4PM on a Wednesday
    - Half of the committee hasn't put in their availability yet as well
    - Let's just do 4PM Wednesday

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone think of jokes for shirts
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
  - Done
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Zahra to organize facebook/discord posts for IntroProg 3
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write the next newsletter (21/08/2020)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic to go to the Tenancy meeting on Monday, 17th August
  - Done
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchandise
  - Ongoing

## Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone think of jokes for shirts
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write the next newsletter (21/08/2020)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchandise

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:34*

### Digressions: 2

- #PostgradCommittee
- Seamus' lack of time
