# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-06-02
## Opening
*Meeting Opened: 16:02*

Present:
- Gozz
- Tom
- Alden
- Nic
- Zahra
- Seamus

Apologies:
- Ryan
- Dadams

Absent:
- Jordan

## President's report
- Not a great deal done for PCS
- Atlassian interview scheduled for July

## Vice Pres's report
- Ran trees/advanced tree algorithms
    - Didn't cover tries
    - Covered
        - Van emde Boas trees
        - Treaps
        - Centroid decomposition

## Treasurer's report
- Apologies

## Secretary's report
- Finished tutoring CITS2200 last week
- Hurrah the semester is over

## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent

## OCM's report (Zahra)
- Been sick and trying to catch up with work
- Still hasn't heard back from Google

## OCM's report (Alden)
- Been tunnel visioned on projects

## OCM's report (Dadams)
- Apologies

## IPP report
- What even is time
- Tutoring is finally done
    - Just marking to go (in a couple of weeks)
    - and maybe helping with the exam/marking
    - Wondering whether I should tutor CITS3001 next semester
- Might be getting an internship at Canva

## Events
- Nic: Training
    - Happened
- Nic: We don't have to worry about any events for now, the semester is over
    - Classes might be online next semester as well

## General Business
- Nic: Contest(s)
    - ACTION: Nic to organise a holiday contest
    - Rough date would be the end of exams, the 24th of June
- Nic: Semester 2
    - What topics?
    - We did a bit of strings this semester, so we might need to reorganise
    - ACTION: Nic to check reorganising topics
- Nic: THE BOOK
    - We should definitely try to put things together
    - The MIT resources are pretty good, so we should start with UWA specific
    content
    - If we could get lots done by next semester, that would be amazing
- Tom: email from UCC
    - Collaboration between tech clubs
        - PCS, UCC, DSC, CSSC, CFC (Coders for Causes)
        - We're all pretty well spread
    - Communication between the clubs would be a good idea
        - Avoid duplication of content
        - Tim suggested Discord for communication
    - We should send an email back and see what we can do
    - Gozz: would recommend not doing things formally
        - Cross promotion would probably be the best total extent
        - What's Tim asking for that isn't covered by cross promotion and joint
        events?
        - Just make people sign ICON's subcommittee regulations
    - ACTION: Nic to send email
        - We're moving to Discord
        - We're not keen on making this beaurocratic
        - Happy to help with events

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Anyone who has prepared for content this sem, make sure notes are in
appropriate shared files
    - Done
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github
    - Memes
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
    - By the 20th of the June, it should be able to be done
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
    - By the 20th of the June, it should be able to be done
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
    - Ongoing

## Action Items
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
- ACTION: Nic to send email
- ACTION: Nic to organise a holiday contest
- ACTION: Nic to check reorganising topics
- ACTION: Nic to send email reply to UCC about collaboration

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: 16:30*
###  Digressions: 0
- If there's a digression and no one is there to minute it, does it happen?
