# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-08-14

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:02*

Present:

- Tom
- Nic
- Alden
- Ryan
- Seamus
- Jordan (left 16:45)
- Gozz (arrived 16:04)
- Dadams (arrived 16:13, left 16:15)

Apologies:

- Zahra

Absent:

- None

## President's report

- Attended IntroProg 2
- Ran AlgPractice 1
  - People did the problems
  - People claimed to be back
- Ran AlgPractice 2
- Now knows how solution generators work in DMOJ

## Vice Pres's report

- Not able to do much this week
  - Time has been spent on work and uni

## Treasurer's report

Apologies for last weeks' absence - had to attend a family medical issue on short notice!

This week:

- Pink sleeps are SIGNED and are on their way to Guild to process.
- Consolidated some ideas on shirts
  - Jumpers/Hoodies too impractical (can only really use them for ~4 months of the year)
  - Likely to cost ~$20-25 for Committee shirts
  - We can also have a more understated PCS shirt that does not have the logo, but
   a PCS design. The idea here is to sell it above cost price (maybe $30 for a $25 t-shirt).
  - I think this would be a nice way to raise some small funds from club members.
  - Options to be discussed in General Business

## Secretary's report

- How do people live with themselves when they have trailing spaces?...
- Switched to using swaywm on my laptop
  - Has been really nice actually
- Signed some pink slips

## Fresh Rep's report

- Is on the bus
- Been doing some data science stuff and watching AI podcasts
- Has been really busy with uni
  - Finished off the fireworks assignment for CITS4404

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Is happy with this week's Friday Challenge problem
  - Nic: Yeah, it looks good

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Apologies had to reschedule lab for this week. should not be and issue next week
- Nearly finished writing week 4 friday challenge. Will be looking to take a training session soon
- Doing codeforces competitions a lot, is hard
- Am very busy, yay prof comp and other project unit
- Feel like im not doing enough around here
  - Need to write more questions
  - Can someone tell me how I can help Tim with ICPC?
    - Tom: Write questions for him
      - He sent an email out today about needing more easy problems

## OCM's report (Zahra)

Apologies

## IPP report

- Managed to get in touch with Zahra
  - Can't do this meeting time
- Mostly been trying to get PhD work done
  - Has committed to 20 minutes a day on weekdays
  - Never is actually *just* 20 minutes
  - The Pomodoro(ish) technique in action
- Ran IP 2
  - Went very well
  - Most people already have some experience so it went quickly
  - They all know Python and so don't want to do it next week
  - Skipping the coming week, and will do FP the week after
- Made Nic add a test case for the practice competition that had `N > 10`

## Events

- Nic: IntroProg 3
  - Pushed back to week 5
  - ACTION: Zahra to organize facebook/discord posts for IntroProg 3
- Nic: AlgPractice 3
  - Practice contest this time
  - Brief tutorial about group competitions
  - Tom: have you looked at the "meta-gaming" slides from 2017?
    - Nic: Yes
- Nic: ANZAC
  - Word from Tim today
  - Wants 2-3 **easy** problems
  - Happy to write a few, but help would be good
- Nic: AlgPractice 4
  - Graphs
  - Should be relatively straight forward

## General Business

- Nic: SOC Meeting 2020-08-18
  - Nic is happy to go
- Nic: Advanced training topics
  - Network Flow (wk 7,8)
    - Tom: Shouldn't take two weeks
    - Gozz: Proofs are the hard part
      - Nic: Yeah, that's why its two weeks
      - Intuition is fine, don't bother with the proof
    - It's now just week 7
  - Computational Geometry (wk 9,10)
    - Week 8-9
    - There should be enough content for two weeks
    - Gozz: is happy to take them
      - Is very opinionated about computational geometry
      - CITS1001 uses great circle distance as a lab
        - Makes people blindly implement a bad algorithm
  - More?
  - We have three weeks with no content
    - Put in misc algorithms?
    - Gozz: It's getting towards assignment season by then
    - Maybe just one more session and then take a break
    - Gozz: We could do FFT
      - "Solving problems with FFT that shouldn't be solved with FFT"
- Nic: Newsletter 2020-08-21
  - Next Friday
  - ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write the next newsletter (21/08/2020)
- Nic: PCS T-Shirts
  - Ryan has been looking into this
  - We need a design that is wearable in more situations
  - Not everyone wants a logo all over their shirt
  - Gozz: We should do interesting things
  - We might need some more interesting designs, e.g. jokes
  - Have a more subtle but embroidered logo
    - Have it monochrome
  - ACTION: Everyone think of jokes for shirts
  - We could "adapt" XKCD
- Gozz: Google sponsorship
  - We missed out on Google sponsorship because we left it too late
  - They're finalizing their sponsorships earlier and earlier
  - We should ask about it soon
  - ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
  - Maybe we should reach out to other people as well
    - Canva/Atlassian would also be a cool idea
- Gozz: Getting back into Cameron Hall
  - We need to start trying to do things with our clubroom
  - It's a bit difficult with COVID-19 measures as its a really small room
  - Nic: Ideas for what to do with the room would be welcome
  - We could start getting setup with things like access control, cameras, etc.
  - ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- Alden: Tenancy meeting on 2020-08-17
  - ACTION: Nic to go

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
  - Done
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - HA
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
  - Done
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchandise
  - Ongoing

## Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone think of jokes for shirts
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Zahra to organize facebook/discord posts for IntroProg 3
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write the next newsletter (21/08/2020)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Nic to go to the Tenancy meeting on Monday, 17th August
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchandise

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:54*

### Digressions: 5

- Gozz realising that Dadams is doing prof comp
- Nic and Ryan are meeting from the Tav
  - Loud music/talking in the background
  - Gozz: Would be fine/a good idea if we were meeting in person
- Gozz wants to build an automated door handle for the clubroom
  - Locky the locked door
  - Needs measurements
- Gozz reminiscing about FFT with Max in competitive programming
  - Computer Science students are supposed to learn FFT in Computer Vision
    - Postgraduate unit
  - People that teach the unit don't really know how to explain it/use it
  - There's a problem from World Finals Morocco with FFT
- Gozz: "The minutes mean nothing"
