# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-10-02

## Opening

Meeting Opened: **

Present:

Apologies:

Absent:

## President's report

- Attended ANZAC 5
  - Lower than expected attendance (9 registered, 3 attended)
  - Relativly good performance from UWA
- Drafted Newsletter

## Vice Pres's report
  
## Treasurer's report
  
- Final designs for polo shirts.    
- Need confirmation on t-shirts for PCS in general; then will send out designs to  
  `#general` channel in Discord to see how many people are interested.    
 
## Secretary's report

- Have a lot of assignments due, blocking some research project stuff and me doing any PCS things
- Will likely be mostly out of action until the end of semester
  - 4000 word essay due Sunday
  - Another essay due next Sunday
  - Major project due next Sunday
  - Research seminar on Wednesday
  - Mid-semester test on Tuesday
  - Thesis due in 3 weeks
  - Major project due Sunday week

## Fresh Rep's report

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Is in coursework hell
  - Just when my research project got even more interesting
  - I may have some ideas for the uni to upper bound the intended time spent on assessments, to permanently break the gates
- Has a problem idea based on NZPC's scoring system
  - Will visit this when I break out of hell

## OCM's report

## OCM's report

## IPP report

## Events

- Intro to IDEs
- Computational Geometry 1
  - Will now be in Room 2.28 from now on owing to the more casual setting.
- Among Us   

## General Business

- Nic: Newsletter
- Nic: Spam accounts
  - Not a *critical* problem but annoying nonetheless.
  - Tom: Are we getting any?
    - Email doesn't seem to be a problem (I have forwarding set to my address)
  - Tom: Could adding something like ReCaptcha during sign in help?
- Tom: Beaurocracy
  - Gozz and I do a lot of the site stuff (mostly Gozz)
  - How much control should we be having?
    - If we want to move around how the site is structured, what should we do?
    - If Gozz needs to take down the site for upgrades, how does committee play into it?
  - Lots of these problems would be solved by the "Sysadmin" role we discussed earlier in the year
- Tom: Moving to having competitions be a sub-site
  - Mostly a Gozz idea
  - Can be easily set up by having a static front page generated by GitHub
    - I use Zola, we could use GitHub's inbuilt Jekyll library for .md
  - What should we have on the main site if competitions go to a sub-site?
    - How would navigation work?
    - Also see above
- Ryan: Minutes should be compulsory for all committee members.
  - On this; we should keep minutes Club related. Everyone has coursework commitments/things to do.
  - These minutes are not here to document that.

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee
- ACTION: Nic to update secrets for the new domain
- ACTION: Gozz to write constitutional amendments
- ACTION: Gozz to update DMOJ
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site
- ACTION: Nic/Ryan to find the guild grants documentation
- ACTION: Ryan to put out a size poll for the committee
- ACTION: Nic to tickle the sleeping Gozz about Comp Gozzometry

## Action Items

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: **

### Digressions: 0
