# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-03-17 (Digital Boogaloo)
Meeting Opened: 16:04

Present: 
- Tom
- Nic
- Alden
- David
- Zahra
- Seamus
- Ryan (leaves 16:48)
- Jordan (16:05)

Apologies: 
- Gozz

Absent: 

## Events
- Training Sessions
    - We have maintained approx. 50 students per training session
    - Somehow it would be nice to maintain this momentum
    - This week: Resume tips + Remainder of Sorting/Searching
        - Idea is to present a fairly sub-par resume and polish it into a good one 
        - Done in LaTeX but simply to tease what is to come, not teach LaTeX
    - Next week: Segment trees through merge trees
        - Content might not all fit into next week, might take two?
        - Will involve going through divide and conquer on the way
    - +2 weeks: Graph basics 
        - See above - might have some stuff with segment trees
        - ACTION: Dadams to prepare graph basics 
            - Trying to get nice TikZ pictures up is hard
            - [Ryan]: Try using Inkscape instead and export an EPS
    - EMPs submitted
        - Guild is slow at processing ERFs
        - So Nic is the only that can do anything
        - We're two committees behind
    - Room bookings still need doing
        - For now, just keep CS 1.24
        - With the virus, less people are coming anyway
        - [Seamus]: We might need to consider what to do around the virus
            - [Nic]: We'll talk about it in general business
- Google at UWA
    - Attended well, hopefully we can capitalise on the motivation companies like Google bring to students
    - They have a lot of new first year programs
        - Would be good to throw first years at it like they are lemmings
- Things we wished we knew
    - EMPs are submitted
    - Content discussion will happen over Slack
    - There are some existing plans (mostly from Tom and Gozz)
- ANZAC Contest
    - ANZAC around 21/3 -> this Saturday
    - Promotion
        - Facebook event is up
        - Has been mentioned in Slack
    - Teams - consider allocating teams before the event to encourage attendance?
        - We have a google form
            - One full team
            - Two individuals 
        - Key to promote during training session tomorrow
    - Alternate format this year
        - Possibly because of the virus thing
        - People can compete as individuals
        - People can compete off-site
        - People can instant message coaches and team members without source code
        - Should be 'honest' about accessing resources
        - ACTION: Make a Slack channel
- Google Code Jam
    - April 5th (Sun) 02:00 UTC (10:00 AWST)
        - 3 weeks from now
    - No physical event
    - Spruik #problem-help on Slack
- Google Kickstart
    - On this weekend
    - Is an easier CodeJam
    - Needs to be promoted
    - ACTION: Spruik it

## General Business
- Re-imbursement for shirts
    - Only one left outstanding (sorted another day)
- Re-imbursement for $50US DO
    - Pending pink slip
- Re-imbursement for stickers
    - Pending pink slip
- Re-imbursement for Dadams and Pizza ($162)
    - Pink slip will be happening soon
    - ACTION: Nic/Ryan/Dadams
        - Dadams: Send account details
- It's possible our emails are being blacklisted by SOC
    - Need to be send from student emails
    - Send from student emails with CC on club email?
- Digital Contests
    - Mid semester
        - There are ideas for problems
        - Needs to be formalised
        - [Seamus]: Found problem that would be good as the medium problem
    - End of semester
        - Save it for a less rainy day
- Study Nights
    - Rather successful last year
    - In light of recent events, consider not running 
    - ACTION: Nic to email the university about running them
        - Very helpful, but what's going on with the units?
        - Can't really run it if there's no physical lectures
    - [Ryan]: Maybe don't make plans, but have a meeting to consider it later
    - Units (cheers Alden)
        - CITS1001 April 23 W17 Thursday  12-1pm
        - CITS1401 April 22 W17 Wednesday 1-2pm
        - CITS2200 April 8  W15 Wednesday 6-7pm
- COVID-19 (beacuse why not) 
    - General trend to run smaller events with less frequency
    - Directly opposes our social-education design 
    - We must follow the University's rulings
        - Currently, no non-UWA students allowed at events
    - Possible alternatives
        - Hosting sessions online 
            - Twitch stream?
                - Would be a solid meme
                - Could be quite fun
        - Could take the time to generate the world's best set of notes on topics we cover. In the case where all events need cancelling this might be a good use of our time
            - (the book)
        - Creating some type of guided content (although many other alternatives exist) - think Google Classroom or the like
    - In any case running contests can continue and is an excellent learning tool
    - [Alden]: Uni has a recording room, should we borrow it?
        - [Nic]: Could be a good idea, students can request access
- [Seamus]: On how we present our resources
    - We have a number of obscure links on the site, all under the About/Resources section
    - We probably need a better way of presenting our resources so other people can actually access them
    - [Tom]: Maybe have the About/Resources page as our landing page instead of the one line "blog" thing
    - ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page (for when the regulations get approved)
- Meeting times
    - Although Tues. 4pm is decent, here's the opportunity to find a slightly better time if it exists
    - If online calling becomes the norm this opens up some more time perhaps
    - [Seamus]: Maybe redo the whenisgood
        - With the virus, timetables might be a bit more flexible
    - ACTION: Nic to make whenisgood
- [Alden]: We have to pass subcommittee regulations
    - [Nic]: I am happy with them
        - Closest thing to a disaster was last year's Charity Vigil fine
        - Seem pretty battletested
    - [Nic] moves to accept the subcommittee regulations
        - [Alden] seconds
        - 8:0:0, passes unanimously
    - Good meme is that we may never use these at this rate
- [Nic]: The clubroom reallocations
    - Chess don't plan on appealing
    - Unigames/UniSFA are appealing
    - UCC have a verbal offer of a clubroom but might still be appealing
    - Perhaps there's some herd immunity?
        - We seem to be relatively safe and will have a clubroom
    - [Ryan]: Maybe we could have an antiques section in our clubroom
        - Ask the libraries for old books
    - So, are we appealing?
        - Only reason might be because of other clubs
        - For our club, we're getting an upgrade
        - Probably doesn't make sense
        - [Alden]: How much do we value having decent neighbours?
            - How can we be sure that they are good clubs?
        - [Ryan]: How can you appeal on a decision that you don't have complete information of?
            - How could we be unhappy with a room that we don't know about
            - If anything we should appeal on grounds that we don't know what's going on
        - Nic is happy to write an appeal
            - Everyone should read it
    - [Nic] moves to appeal against the Tenancy application process
        - [Ryan] seconds
        - Against the process itself
        - 7:0:1, motion passes
    - ACTION: Nic to write, and everyone to observe as though looking at an animal in a zoo

## President's report
- Attended training and Google event
- Whipped up some resumes to present to the children
- Submitted EMPs for our events (best get the paperwork in anyways)
## Vice Pres's report
- Finished problems for current contest
- Prepared notes for segment trees and heaps
## Treasurer's report
- Recieved communication from SOC Treasurer
- Will go through training soon
- Should have the cash box soon
- Grant applications are coming up
    - Should be talked about next week
    - Maybe even a Slack channel is a good idea
- We should consider sponsorship opportunities
- We should also consider merchandise
    - Hoodies
    - Jumpers
    - T-shirts
- We might also be able to get funding from Guild for competition prizes
    - If you compete in a certain number of competitions, you get a PCS prize or something
## Secretary's report
- Can't do EMPs because Guild is slow
- Attended the Google event
- I also did a part of intro to programming because Gozz was late
    - He then immediately stole my thunder after 15 minutes
    - I heckled and annoyed him the rest of the time
    - [Zahra]: We should have a cap to the time before we start
- Have started work on TWWWK things
    - Will do bash, build systems and other things
    - [Nic]: We should do a "how to write code" session
    - [Zahra]: We have a big audience that don't come because they're not in comp sci
        - Maybe we should also advertise to other people
        - "Come to learn to code!"
        - Those that need the sessions might not already be learning Comp Sci at uni
        - [Alden]: Do we have contacts outside of Comp Sci for lecture bashing
            - We probably have Engineering
                - BrÃ¼nl would probably be all over it (DES lecturer)
            - We could probably also get Physics
                - They are in dire need of learning
## Fresh Rep's report
- Attended all sessions
- Attended the Google event
- Has made a Slack channel for the firsties, but needs to advertise it
## OCM's report (Dadams)
- Went to intro to prog
- Went to training session
    - Had a good time heckling Seamus
- Went to Google event
- Started on Graph slides
- Dadams is salty how EMP submissions work
## OCM's report (Zahra)
- Google event didn't come up in Facebook
    - Accidentally made it a personal event
- Didn't get to do work on the newsletter
    - Will discuss with Tom more this week
- Went to intro to prog
    - Thought it was good how both Tom and Gozz contributed
        - Helped with the room dynamic
## OCM's report (Alden)
- Attended events
- Did his action item
- Wrote some problems for the midsem contest
- Doesn't have admin access to the site
## IPP report
- What IPP?
## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Everyone to read sub-committee regulations (done)
- ACTION: Alden to find times for Mid-sems (done)
- ACTION: Nic and Tom to sign ERF and submit new constitution to Guild (done)
- ACTION: Tom to do EMPs for training (stolen by Nic)
- ACTION: Tom to book EZONE room for training (good meme)
- ACTION: Tom to submit EMPs for TWWWK (stolen by Nic)
- ACTION: Tom to submit room bookings for TWWWK (stolen by Nic)
- ACTION: Nic to attend SOC meeting 24/3 (yet to happen)
- ACTION: Nic to inform CS about this decision (done)
    - About reps to CS department
- ACTION: Nic and Ryan to chase up paying fine to UCC (ongoing)
- ACTION: Zahra to maintain events on FB slack and so on (ongoing)
- ACTION: Seamus to prepare mid-sem digital contest (ongoing)
- ACTION: Gozz to write regulations for standing officers (ongoing)

## Action Items
- ACTION: Nic to attend SOC meeting 24/3
- ACTION: Nic and Ryan to chase up paying fine to UCC
- ACTION: Zahra to maintain events on FB slack and so on
- ACTION: Seamus to prepare mid-sem digital contest
- ACTION: Gozz to write regulations for standing officers
- ACTION: Dadams to prepare graph basics
    - Talk to Ryan about Inkscape as well
- ACTION: Nic to make a Slack channel about ANZAC
- ACTION: Zahra to spruik it
- ACTION: Nic/Ryan/Dadams to figure out Dadams reimbursement ($162)
- ACTION: Nic to email the university about running study nights
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page (for when the regulations get approved)
- ACTION: Nic to make whenisgood for extra meeting times
- ACTION: Nic to write tenancy appeal and everyone should read

### Digression Counter: actually somewhat decent
- Maybe online meetings are a good idea
- Tom talks less => less digressions

Meeting Closed: 17:02
