# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-10-02

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:06*

Present:

- Tom
- Alden
- Nic
- Gozz
- Ryan
- Dadams

Apologies:

- Jordan

Absent:

- Zahra
- Seamus

## President's report

- Attended ANZAC 5
  - Lower than expected attendance (9 registered, 3 attended)
  - Relativly good performance from UWA
- Drafted Newsletter
  - Been scheduled to be released

## Vice Pres's report

Not here

## Treasurer's report

- Final designs for polo shirts.
- Need confirmation on t-shirts for PCS in general; then will send out designs to  
  `#general` channel in Discord to see how many people are interested.

## Secretary's report

- Have a lot of assignments due, blocking some research project stuff and me doing any PCS things
- Will likely be mostly out of action until the end of semester
  - 4000 word essay due Sunday
  - Another essay due next Sunday
  - Major project due next Sunday
  - Research seminar on Wednesday
  - Mid-semester test on Tuesday
  - Thesis due in 3 weeks
  - Major project due Sunday week

## Fresh Rep's report

Sent apologies

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Is in coursework hell
  - Just when my research project got even more interesting
  - I may have some ideas for the uni to upper bound the intended time spent on assessments, to permanently break the gates
- Has a problem idea based on NZPC's scoring system
  - Will visit this when I break out of hell

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Is also in coursework hell
  - Tom: Why are we all postgrads :(
- Helping to prepare IDEs for Monday
  - Nic: Chat with Ryan about it

## IPP report

- Has been looking at stuff to do with the site
  - DMOJ is out of date
- Talked with Ryan about CITS2002

## Events

- Nic: Intro to IDEs
  - They've made it even harder to run events via FB
    - Gozz: We've passed 250 people in the group so we can't just invite everyone
      - Unigames also has this problem
- Nic: Computational Geometry 1
  - Will now be in Room 2.28 from now on owing to the more casual setting.
  - Does Gozz want one session or two sessions?
    - Gozz: Is planning on re-using old slides
      - Probably only one session
- Nic: Among Us
  - Is a good idea to run
  - Next week on Friday
  - Will make new voice channel for it
  - Gozz: We should have a test night to figure things out

## General Business

- Nic: Newsletter
  - Is under control
- Nic: Spam accounts
  - Not a *critical* problem but annoying nonetheless.
  - Tom: Are we getting many?
    - Email doesn't seem to be a problem (I have forwarding set to my address)
  - Tom: Could adding something like ReCaptcha during sign in help?
    - Gozz: Was added to DMOJ a while ago - we can just enable it
- Tom: Bureaucracy
  - Gozz and I do a lot of the site stuff (mostly Gozz)
  - How much control should we be having?
    - If we want to move around how the site is structured, what should we do?
    - If Gozz needs to take down the site for upgrades, how does committee play into it?
  - Lots of these problems would be solved by the "Sysadmin" role we discussed earlier in the year
  - Gozz: Sysadmin has free reign but is expected to act in good faith
    - We could probably add it as a regulation -- should be appointed by committee not AGM
    - Same for head judge
- Tom: Moving to having competitions be a sub-site
  - Mostly a Gozz idea
  - Can be easily set up by having a static front page generated by GitHub
    - I use Zola, we could use GitHub's inbuilt Jekyll library for .md
  - What should we have on the main site if competitions go to a sub-site?
    - How would navigation work?
    - Also see above
  - ACTION: Gozz to investigate CMS alternatives
- Ryan: Minutes should be compulsory for all committee members.
  - On this; we should keep minutes Club related. Everyone has coursework commitments/things to do.
  - These minutes are not here to document that.
  - Gozz: It is expected duties of committee members that they send apologies if they can't make it
  - Nic: Got in contact with Seamus
    - His job crunch will be finished soon
  - Gozz: Got in contact with Zahra
    - Can't do Fridays
    - Tom: We did try another day that she could do, but she didn't show up
- Nic: Omar's (Tenancy Chair) faux pas
  - Gave us a storage agreement for chess association
  - We shouldn't be receiving it
  - Emailed back saying that it wasn't us
  - He then *resent* the email to us

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Re-scoped
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
  - Ongoing
  - Commitment to finish by next meeting
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic to update secrets for the new domain
  - Done
- ACTION: Gozz to write constitutional amendments
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to update DMOJ
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Ryan to find the guild grants documentation
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to put out a size poll for the committee
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic to tickle the sleeping Gozz about Comp Gozzometry
  - Done

## Action Items

- ACTION: Gozz to investigate CMS alternatives
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee
- ACTION: Gozz to write constitutional amendments
- ACTION: Gozz to update DMOJ
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site
- ACTION: Nic/Ryan to find the guild grants documentation
- ACTION: Ryan to put out a size poll for the committee

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:49*

### Digressions: 3

- Gozz rants
  - Universities and money
- Even more Gozz rants
- Gozz: there is some way to do redirects in Jekyll -- using GitHub Pages as a URL shortener
