# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-08-07

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:06*

Present:

- Tom
- Nic
- Gozz
- Jordan
- Dadams (left 16:21)
- Seamus
- Alden

Apologies:

Absent:

- Zahra
- Ryan

## President's report

- EMPs accepted for all events
- Attended IntoProg
- Ran Algorithm Practice
  - We had a talk for 30-40 minutes and then people did the practice contest
  - No one left before 6PM, which is a good sign
  - Two teams of three

## Vice Pres's report

- Did not manage to get problems done for the competition
- Is super busy
  - Works 4 days a week whilst doing full-time uni

## Treasurer's report

Absent

## Secretary's report

- Not much actually done for PCS unfortunately
- I'll be doing testing for the new problems soon
- I updated my kernel version and now my laptop actually wakes from sleep
  - It used to occasionally just die (drm module)
- Made Discord sysadmin channel

## Fresh Rep's report

- Started second semester AI
- Started working as an intern data scientist
  - Got a bit less time than last semester

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Wrote some problems
  - Tom is incompetent at solving problems
- Attended algorithm practice 1
- Spotted a problem with one of the problems in the training competition
- Been working on a DAG problem for the last few days

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Dadams apparently can't talk
  - Some problems with volume
- Is writing week 4/5 problems

## OCM's report (Zahra)

Absent

## IPP report

- First IPP report for YEARS
  - Meetings times have not lined up with life
- Bunch of PhD stuff finally happening again
- Intro to programming went well
  - Small crowd, but it makes sense with corona

## Events

- IntroProg 2
  - Facebook event up
  - Has been mentioned in the Discord as well
  - Should be fine
- Algorithm Practice 2
  - Elementary Data Structures
  - Nic, prepared in advance
  - Will need help testing problems
  - Facebook event and Discord link is up
- ANZAC
  - Will be happening on Saturday the 22nd of August
  - Should be after algorithm practice 3
    - We were intending on running a contest, but we should make it practice for ANZAC
- Algorithm Practice 3
  - Full practice comp
  - Seamus
    - Needs help preparing
    - Nic: We can have other people write problems
    - Someone else might also need to run it
  - Attendance from committee encouraged; people will need help
- Algorithm Practice 4
  - What topic do we want? Graphs? DP? Greedy?
  - Nic: Graphs makes sense here, can feel it in his bones
    - DP the week after
  - Slides are up
  - Problems would be welcome

## General Business

- Friday Challenge
  - Nic: New `/fridaychallenge` link made to make life simpler. Will need updating week to week
  - These should come with an editorial released the subsequent week.
  - Week 2 - Nic, ready and waiting
  - Week 3 - Alden (needs testing)
    - Tom will be onto it
  - Week 4 - David
  - Week 5 - David
  - Week 6 - Nic
- Newsletter
  - Going out Sunday
  - In the case Zahra is AWOL will need some drafting help
    - Tom notes that this is literally his job
- Ticketing
  - Given numbers, Google Forms is probably enough
- Merging with UoA comp prog (University of Auckland)
  - Was mentioned in the Discord (might have been a meme)
  - Held contests in the past with them
  - Could be a possibility
  - Further discussion needed - initiated by them
  - Uncommitted to anything
- Discounted member prices Sem 2
  - We can get away with $2 for the entire semester
- TEC club quiz nights
  - There are wishes to run it next year -- not this year
  - Although there are plans for a subcommittee now
  - We're all relatively busy at the moment, it'd make more sense to worry
    about it at the end of the year

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
  - Ongoing
  - Needs help, problems writers join in
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic and Seamus to have a chat with Gozz about FP and Intro to Prog.
  - Done
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchanise
  - Ongoing

## Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchanise

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:43*

### Digressions: 1

- Tom slips the uptime monitor into working whilst still minuting
