# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-04-14
*Meeting Opened: 16:01*

Present:
- Nic
- Tom
- Zahra
- Dadams
- Ryan
- Alden
- Gozz (16:12)

Apologies:

Absent:
- Jordan

## President's report
- Start writing some Agile development for the book (not committed until first draft)
- Helped Dadams write some slides
- Applied for Google things
- Various admin things
- Research is now going well
## Vice Pres's report
- Did Code Jam 1A
    - Did questionably
- Found a good implementation of heavy/light decomposition
- Been working on teaching DP
## Treasurer's report
- Contaced Grace Rosario re: UCC debts
- Have been looking at merchandise options based in Australia (slim pickings). 
    - Especially at the moment
- China is just starting up again, so they might be an option in a bit
## Secretary's report
- Sleep what sleep
- Finally finished literature review for research proposal, but now have to worry about other projects
- Online challenge for Google on the 17th and 18th
## Fresh Rep's report
Missing in GitHub Actions
## OCM's report (Alden)
- Code Jammed
    - Went alright
    - Went through proper pattern matching algorithms when they weren't needed
- Implemented first trie this week
## OCM's report (David)
- Graphs 2 is a bit behind schedule
    - Has two days, so should hopefully be done
- Has figured out a proper streaming setup
    - Audio is a bit iffy
- Has code challenge for Google stuff
- Applied to Atlassian as well, but haven't heard from them
## OCM's report (Zahra)
- Did a post for the Google internships
- Applied for Google stuff
- Did a post for Code Jam as well
- Waiting for Nic to get back on the second draft of the current post
- Been chugging through everything else
## IPP report
- Things have been HecTic(TM)
    - Prepared DSA project, sorted out remote tutoring, been doing Examplify stuff... etc...
- Regulations when?
    - When I have time again
- I need a holiday
    - Even without having done any PhD work

## Events
- Charity Vigil
    - It's happening
    - Will be digital
    - Might be easier for us to monetise our stuff with everything digital
    - Should probably go into a different channel
        - ACTION: Nic to make new channel
    - We need two committee members to be reps to the subcommittee
        - Gozz: will be happy to be involved, but might not be committee "enough"
            - It's probably fine
        - ACTION: Nic to pester ICON
        - Gozz: moves that Nic and Ryan are the subcommittee reps
            - Tom seconds
            - 7:0:0, passes unanimously
- Training Streams
    - We have one tomorrow
    - Dadams is having audio issues
        - Going to do a streaming test tomorrow
    - Gozz: We can do the livestreams through Discord
        - *Discord rah rah rah*
        - Zahra: Does Discord have recording?
            - No
            - We should try to figure out a way to record it as well if we do go to Discord
        - We've previously made do with releasing our slides, and want more engagement, not less
            - Might be a good idea to not have an archive of recordings
    - For now, we can use Zoom if there are issues
    - Next week, we're doing dynamic programming with Seamus
        - Two weeks, or one week?
        - Seamus: probably just one week, there won't be enough content for two weeks
            - Week afterwards can be number theory
    - ACTION: Dadams to do number theory slides
        - Is the only actual maths major on committee
        - Gozz: We have a distinct lack of Albert and Theo
- ANZAC 2
    - Has been confirmed with Tim that it'll be happening on the 25th
    - Zahra has done a poster
    - Event will go up some time this week
    - Only three hours this time, but the actual competition time isn't actually nailed down
    - Will be purely individual (probably)
    - ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up the event for ANZAC
- Alden: Code Jam this weekend
    - It's at 00:00, 20th
    - ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up a post about Code Jam 1B
    - Kick Start is 07:00, 19th
    - ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up a post about Kick Start

## General Business
- CS Feedback sessions
    - School has reached out asking for feedback about the degree
    - Post about it will go up
    - We can do things on the behalf of our members if they want to be somewhat anonymous
    - We should take an active role, as we teach students a number of things
    - Discussion about this should happen in Slack
- The Book
    - There have been some chats about it in Slack
    - Nic has started drafting a section
    - We should definitely put together a "what is this book?" and "what is our club?"
    - People should be able to write drafts and submit them for any subjects
        - We can do pull requests and stuff for editing
    - Should be nice to put together something that is lasting
- Payments
    - Digital Ocean has been topped up
        - Had budget from [2020-03-31](2020-03-31.committee.md)
        - Reimbursements how?
    - Guild Finance is in a mess at the moment, so we can't do much with money
- Gozz: Emails?
    - Haven't been done in a while
    - Should hopefully be kicked up again later once things settle down
    - Gozz: Zahra is doing amazing work managing social media and stuff
## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Nic/Seamus to prepare dynamic programming slides
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put out some advanced notice about future training sessions
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Zahra to post about Google Internships closing tomorrow
    - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to structure the book by next week
    - Ongoing
    - Also done...
- ACTION: Nic to ask Tim about ANZAC 2
    - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to post about Code Jam
    - Done
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page (for when the regulations get approved)
    - Ongoing
    - Gozz is on the case
- ACTION: Nic to make a new channel for the book
    - Done
- ACTION: Nic ping Gozz about regulations
    - Done-ish
- ACTION: Nic and Ryan to chase up paying fine to UCC ($35)
    - Done but also not done
## Action Items
- ACTION: Nic to make new channel for Charity Vigil
- ACTION: Nic to pester ICON about charity vigil
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up a post about Code Jam 1B
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up a post about Kick Start
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put up the event for ANZAC
- ACTION: Dadams to do number theory slides
- ACTION: Nic/Seamus to prepare dynamic programming slides
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put out some advanced notice about future training sessions
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Nic and Ryan to chase up paying fine to UCC ($35)

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: 17:02*
###  Digressions: 13
- Tries and Systems Programming assignments
- A wild Taylor appears
- Life members and how we track them
    - Only in AGM minutes
    - Only Tim French atm
    - Gozz is planning on figuring this out with Autocrat, which will be coming soon(tm)
        - Autocrat is a planned automatic bureaucracy
- Gozz likes Discord
    - Ryan likes the audio quality
        - Gozz: chat is a secondary feature, audio is the primary feature
    - Unigames and UCC are doing well with Discord
- Evil ideas about Charity Vigil
- Training for World Finals with Albert
    - They wanted a code notebook, but maybe there's a smart way to make sure you don't mess up
    your code
    - Have something that runs line by line with the preprocessor and a cumulative hash to check
    against your notebook
- What happens if you loudly talk about solving problems with DP?
    - A fun time with Gozz and Max
- Albert has apparently moved to being a physics major
- Code Jam is two words, not one word
    - So is Kick Start
- Guild Finance does a dumb thing where they match deductions against additions
    - The format exported from NetSuite is really bad
    - Gozz has a way to deal with them [here](https://netsuite.gozz.id.au)
        - It's <ins>**Open Source**</ins>(tm)!
- Nic: new digression format is cool
    - What will be longer, the actual minutes, or the digressions?
    - Find out on the next episode!
- How to say "to be continued" in Japanese
    - Gozz is a weeb
- Gozz: The landing page is set up to *have* to be a blog post
    - Maybe we can set the "about" page to just be a blog post
    - We can make the landing page not point to DMOJ
    - Nic: if we roll our own membership system and stuff, we can make DMOJ just our competition
    system
    - More fragmentation works well if you can fragment by purpose
