# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-09-11

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:13*

Present:

- Tom
- Nic
- Alden
- Dadams
- Ryan

Apologies:

Absent:

- Seamus
- Jordan
- Zahra
- Gozz

## President's report

- Attended Intro to Linux
  - Dadams did a good job
  - Things were sufficiently casual
- Sorted out updating the domain
  - Things were somewhat seamless
- Ran Alg Practice 6
  - Went well
- Drafted and sent newsletter
  - (since last time)

## Vice Pres's report

Absent

## Treasurer's report

- Have not had capacity to do Treasurer things.
- Still waiting on jokes for T-shirts.
  - Seamus has some but hasn't sent them in

## Secretary's report

- Time is a foreign concept
  - Been working a lot on my research project
  - And other unit projects
- Haven't had much time for PCS stuff
- Did briefly look into downtime when we had to change domain registrars

## Fresh Rep's report

Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Wrote a Friday Challenge problem
- Floored by thesis

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Ran Intro to Linux
- Has written 6.5k words for Prof. Comp
- Going to do Intro to LaTeX next Monday using Tom's slides
  - Will try to get Tim Chapman to come down

## IPP report

Absent

## Events

- Nic: Intro to LaTeX
  - Dadams taking it
  - Under control(ish)
- Nic: Alg Practice 7 - Network Flow
  - Practice 8 as well
  - Content is being prepared by Nic, would like to take two sessions for it
  - Tom: Are you using any of Max's stuff?
    - He has problems in there as well
    - Nic: Yes, will be using them
  - There will be contests for each week
- Nic: Intro to X
  - What should the topic be?
  - Suggestion: "Cool Algorithms"
  - We probably need to come up with ideas soonish
- Nic: Tenancy meeting/Busy bee
  - On Monday
  - Nic is happy to attend
  - ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee

## General Business

- Nic: New domain
  - New account with Zuver
  - ACTION: Nic to update secrets for the new domain
- Nic: We now have our own key for the clubroom
  - As do UCA

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone think of jokes for shirts
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write the next newsletter (21/08/2020)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to ask Google about sponsorship
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchandise
- ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee
- ACTION: Nic to update secrets for the new domain

## Action Items

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:23*

### Digressions: 0

- Had to hurry because Nic and Ryan had a meeting
