# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-07-31

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:03*

Present:

- Tom
- Nic
- Alden
- Dadams
- Ryan
- Seamus (left at 16:40)

Apologies:

Absent:

- Gozz
- Zahra
- Jordan

## President's report

- EMPs
  - Training
  - Intro to Programming
  - We've hit our quota for EMPs
- Session 1 Prep
  - Next Thursday
  - Should be an informal recap of the last semester
  - Hopefully we'll have a lot of people submitting problems
- Friday Challenge problems 1,2
  - Both up on the site
  - Will make one publicly available at the end of the meeting
- SOC Meeting attended
  - Was a bit of an oof
  - Was streamed only on FB (for some reason)
    - One of the lesser problems with SOC this year...
- Jane street Call
  - Intern applications have shut for this year :(
  - They can't really travel from Hong Kong
  - Possible future sponsor
  - Happy to fund a specific functional programming contest event (catering, hosting etc.)
  - We'll talk about it in General Business
- Busy, fretting about the future

## Vice Pres's report

- Been working on problems
  - Trying to structure them in a similar manner to the lower CodeForces contests
  - 4 problems
    - One is 2k rated
    - All others 1500 and below
  - So far has the concepts out, but wants to make sure that there's not a simple solution
  - Haven't contacted anyone yet to write problems

## Treasurer's report

- Need signatures on some Pink slips - but these will be done ASAP (have been ill)
  - Nic is not allowed to sign off on pink slips that give him money
- SPG brainstorm: Food for thought
  - Due Wednesday next week
  - Perhaps we can talk about it in General Business?
- Merchandising: Will put a **poll** on discord if people are happy to entertain the idea of PCS clothing.
  - Make campus PCS again

## Secretary's report

- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH 6 units this semester
- Changed my color schemes
- Have updated my sound gear
- Did all the problems that Nic put up
- Wrote and deployed the Discord Bot
  - If you'd like to see how to deploy to our server automatically, then look at the repo
- Started doing more job applications

## Fresh Rep's report

Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Could've sworn exams were last week
- Have been working on a problem for week 3 for Friday Challenge
- Just doing some final tests before sending it off
- Trying to get another problem out for the introductory contest
  - About time complexity and assumptions

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Got a few questions in the work
  - For Friday challenge and a competition
  - Should both be relatively easy
- Doing Prof Comp this semester
  - Surprisingly got first preference!
  - All members have been really responsive
  - It might all be ok!
- Doing UWA parlimentary research program
  - Only STEM major in the entire program
- Have talked about training sessions with Nic
- Accidentally turned up to DSC
  - They want Dadams to be "Tech Lead", whatever that means
  - We now have more access to DSC
- On 3 club committees

## OCM's report

Absent

## IPP report

Absent

## Events

- IntroProg 1
  - Monday 03-08, Gozz is taking
- Club Carnival
  - Next Tuesday?
  - The form is due in 30 minutes
  - Let's not bother this year
  - We don't really get many members from it
  - Putting up a marquee for an hour isn't fun if nothing happens
- Training 1
  - Thursday
  - Run by Nic
  - Should be fine
- IntroProg 2
  - Monday 10-08, Gozz is taking
- Training 2
  - Elementary data structures in the three major languages
    - Python
    - C++
    - Java

## General Business

- Ticketing
  - Just a Google Form
  - Nice and simple
  - People don't require a Google Account unless you're requiring limits for individuals
  - Should we keep using it?
    - Dadams: keep using it unless we find something better
    - Alden: We should pre-emptively book a larger room maybe
      - Nic: Could go to EZONE and see how its going there
        - With stage 5 lockdown, capacity becomes a lot less of an issue
  - We can do the bookings by ourselves now, which is great
- Training session 3
  - Could do with ideas for what to do here
  - It will be week 4: maybe "Let's do the contest"
  - Tom: We could follow the training plan from last year
    - Still a good idea to do the contest in a training session
    - Would encourage people
  - Seamus: Contest shouldn't be rated so we get the most people in
    - The problems are within a pretty easy complexity
    - No one will struggle to grasp the solution once it is presented
    - Should be there to measure people's expectations about contests
  - We should do flow/comp geom at some point
    - Flow hasn't been done for some time
    - Gozz is Mr. Comp Geom
    - Week 5 is not a reasonable time to do either of them though
  - Would be worth going over graphs and DP again
    - They are really important
    - Doing lots of problems for them is a good idea
- Jane Street / Functional Programming Sessions
  - Do it at around week 6-7
  - Try to get Gozz to run the whole thing
  - Maybe work it into his FP intro to prog?
  - ACTION: Nic and Seamus to have a chat with Gozz about FP and Intro to Prog.
- 10 Important Algorithms of the 20th Century
  - List
    - FFT
    - Metropolis
    - Quicksort
    - PageRank
    - Fast multi-pole
    - Others
  - Get some people from ICRAR that can cover FFT
    - FFT is criminally uncovered at UWA
  - These would also make a great Friday Challenge
- Friday Challenge 3, 4, 5
  - 3: Alden
  - 4: Dadams
  - 5: Dadams
  - 6: Nic
  - 7: Alden
  - Hopefully we'll catch members that don't want to try too much
- Contest 1
  - Seamus is doing it
  - We know what's happening
  - Announcements will happen soonish (hopefully)
- Merchandise
  - We need to gauge interest
  - ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers
  - We used Spreadshirt last year
    - Quality is good, but the price is high
- Clubroom
  - We can fit 2/3 people in the clubroom
  - It's not really useful at the moment with COVID guidelines
  - Nic has emailed UCA about things, but haven't heard anything back yet
- Promotion of the club
  - Mark Reynolds has agreed to talk about the club in a lecture
  - Jin Hong has agreed to put up a poster about the club
    - Dadams can confirm that it is indeed there
- Tim French reached out about setting up an organisation for the SPPC (South Pacific Programming Competitions)
  - It's being formalised
  - Committee positions for it will be opening up at some point
  - They run ICPC regional finals, kind of important

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
  - Sort of, but also ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic to update PCS email footer (30/6)
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to email unit coordinators for input on bashing
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to write the first problem for week 1
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to top up by $100 USD
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write Discord blurb for first newsletter (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Zahra to update Facebook group with new Discord information (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Zahra to prepare the first newsletter for the 24th of July
  - Done
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Alden to find what units are running when next semester
  - Done
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to make this circular so we can actually approve it
  - Done by Nic
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
  - Done by Nic
- ACTION: Tom to cleanup pinned posts (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Tom to Update PCS site with new Discord info (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github
  - Ongoing forever more

## Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Nic and Seamus to have a chat with Gozz about FP and Intro to Prog.
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchanise

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:49*

### Digressions: 1

- Tom gets angry about trailing spaces
