# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-08-07

## Opening

Meeting Opened: **

Present:

Apologies:

Absent:

## President's report

- EMPs accepted for all events
- Attended IntoProg
- Ran Algorithm Practice

## Vice Pres's report

## Treasurer's report

## Secretary's report

- Not much actually done for PCS unfortunately
- I'll be doing testing for the new problems soon
- I updated my kernel version and now my laptop actually wakes from sleep
  - It used to occasionally just die (drm module)

## Fresh Rep's report

## OCM's report

## OCM's report

## OCM's report

## IPP report

## Events

- IntroProg 2
  - Facebook event up
- Algorithm Practice 2
  - Elementary Data Structures
  - Nic, prepared in advance
  - Will need help testing problems
- IntroProg 3
- Algorithm Practice 3
  - Full practice comp
  - Seamus
  - Attendance from committee encouraged; people will need help
- Algorithm Practice 4
  - What topic do we want? Graphs? DP? Greedy?

## General Business

- Friday Challenge
  - Nic: New `/fridaychallenge` link made to make life simpler. Will need updating week to week
  - Something I've forgotten to mention. These should come with an editorial released the subsequent week.
  - Week 2 - Nic, ready and waiting
  - Week 3 - Alden
  - Week 4 - David
  - Week 5 - David
  - Week 6 - Nic
- Newsletter
  - Going out Sunday
  - In the case Zahra is AWOL will need some drafting help
- Ticketing
  - Given numbers, Google Forms is probably enough
- Merging with UoA comp prog
  - Held contests in the past with them
  - Could be a possibility
  - Further discussion needed - initiated by them
  - Uncommitted to anything
- Discounted member prices Sem 2
- TEC club quiz nights

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on GitHub
- ACTION: Nic and Seamus to have a chat with Gozz about FP and Intro to Prog.
- ACTION: Ryan to look into interest and feasibility of various providers of merchanise

## Action Items

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: **

### Digressions

