# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2021-01-15

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:08*

Present: Quorum!

- Nic
- Ryan
- Tom
- Dadams
- Alden
- Gozz

Apologies:

- Zahra

Absent:

- Jordan
- Seamus

## President's report

- Preparing for training camp
  - Will be presenting on Tuesday
- Dealing with tenancy / UPhilSoc
  - Worth a chapter in Nic's Memoirs
- Preparing for UnCharity
- Preparing handover document

## Vice Pres's report

Absent

## Treasurer's report

- Is in the process of calculating the amount of money we have
  - Full report will be ready in time for handover
- We are still riding on the coat-tails of the previous years' sponsorships
  - Do have more money than previous years though
- Is preparing the O-day document

## Secretary's report

- Back from holiday
- Not going to be going to Sydney after all
  - Been told that the office won't be open until October, so...
- Has done various GitHub things

## Fresh Rep's report

Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Been thinking about tenancy things
- Drafted a problem for Uncharity un-programming contest

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Has been maintaining the training camp website
- Went through the training slides with Tim
  - He says they are at the right level
- Will talk to Albert about what he's planning on doing for the contest

## OCM's report (Zahra)

Apologies

## IPP report

- Did action items
  - One is blocked by Nic :(
- PhD stuffs
- Will have a look at un-programming contest problems
- Is taking a couple of sessions for the training camp

## Events

- ICPC Training Camp
  - 2021-01-19 to 2021-01-21
  - More or less under control
  - Hopefully we get some members to sign up
    - Currently at around 30 people, which is plenty
- ICPC Regional Qualifier
  - 2021-01-23 (8am to 4pm assuming)
  - ACTION @Nic: Chase Tim up about Regional Qualifiers
  - We have a team competing
- UnCharity Vigil 2021
  - We have ideas for problems
  - Format options:
    - Charge for contest entry and provide prizes
      - Nic: Probably makes the most sense
    - Charge for some problems
  - Alden: Wallet penalty instead of time penalty makes sense
    - Nic: Yeah, depending on the problem
    - Gozz: Charge per submission, refund on correct answer
  - Nic: Would we encourage team participation?
    - Alden: Team would have to split the prize
  - Nic: What prizes? Should we budget?
    - We tend to put up a Domino's voucher -- 3x$10
    - Nic: motion to budget $60 for Uncharity contest prizes
      - Alden seconds
      - 5:0:0 passes unanimously
    - ACTION @Nic @Alden: Sort out expected value return per question (Uncharity)
  - Need to figure out a time for Gozz's "Why X is the best..."
- O-Day (2021-02-19)
  - Gozz: Stickers will cost $29.70 for 308
  - Nic: motion to budget $40.00 for stickers (O-day)
    - Ryan seconds
    - 5:0:0 passes unanimously
  - ACTION @Nic: design the 2021 sticker (O-day)
- AGM
  - Nic: We'll save it for next week
  - ACTION @Tom: To prepare nomination form for AGM

## General Business

- Nic: Handover document
  - Has a loose structure in Overleaf
    - Will be eventually moved over to GitHub
  - Will describe "what people need to do to run the club"
  - Gozz: Absolutely
    - Most important thing is "what you need to know to bootstrap"
  - Subjects
    - Accounts and permissions (GitHub secrets repo)
    - Generic club responsibilities
      - Non-PCS specific club events that are run every year
      - How do we do minutes (Tom)
    - PCS-specific
      - How we do contests
      - How we prepare training sessions
      - How does the website work? (Gozz/Tom)
    - Clubroom stuff - We didn't really have a plan this year
      - Suggest some ideas, etc.
    - Long-term projects
      - The book
      - Highschool outreach
  - Editable things will be available in the coming week
- Tenancy (re?)allocation
  - So...
  - Order of events:
    - We didn't get an email about Tenancy
    - Nic emails Chloe asking for confirmation on application
    - We receive successful storage application
      - We didn't apply for storage...
      - No indication as to what club it was intended for
      - We may have been confused with the other PCS (Palestinian Cultural Society)
    - Emailed them back saying "I think something went wrong"
    - Radio silence for 2 days
    - Response from Chloe for the storage application
      - They dungoofed
    - Receive "Tenancy Outcome"
      - We are sharing room 181 with the "Undergraduate Philosophy Society"
      - Landing of eastern stairs (old Ignite)
      - Not our old room
    - Still haven't gotten an acknowledgement that our application was processed on time
    - Emailed UPhilSoc about our club and how we intend to use the room
      - Asking how they intend to use the room
      - Did they know they were sharing?
  - Definitely done better than last time, but still a little wacky
  - ACTION @Nic: to request an extension on appeals
    - We got our result late

- Tom: Domain Eligibility
  - We need to be registered with ACNC or we lose our domain when we renew
  - Nic: We should register
    - It helps with credibility
      - Especially with sponsorships
    - Valuable for future committees -- They will be held to documentation standards
    - And we keep a `.org.au`
  - Gozz: We definitely do not need to incorporate
    - Alden: Is definitely a lot more work
    - Any club that does it is (insert words here)
  - Gozz: Definitely something for next committee to worry about
  - ACTION @Nic: to put ACNC things in the handover document

## Previous Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION: Nic to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to sort out ODay stall application form (2021-01-28)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to cleanup the github repo before departing
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to make handover document exist
  - Done
- ACTION: Gozz to get costing for UniPrint pop-up banner (we already have base)
  - Done
  - $93.50 or $132 depending on width
- ACTION: Gozz to get costing for stickers from UniPrint
  - Done
  - Like $29.70 for 308
- ACTION: Ryan to check netsuite for grants stuff
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to make a #general post encouraging people to run for Committee
  - Done

### Long Term

- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
  - ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
- ACTION: Gozz to write Constitutional changes/regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site
  - Ongoing

## Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @Nic: to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
- ACTION @Ryan: to sort out ODay stall application form (2021-01-28)
- ACTION @Nic: to put ACNC things in the handover document
- ACTION @Nic: to request an extension on appeals
- ACTION @Tom: To prepare nomination form for AGM
- ACTION @Nic @Alden: Sort out expected value return per question (Uncharity)
- ACTION @Nic: design the 2021 sticker (O-day)
- ACTION @Nic: Chase Tim up about Regional Qualifiers

### Long Term

- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz to write Constitutional changes/regulations
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *17:02*

### Digressions: 0
