# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2021-01-08

## Opening

**Due to lack of quorum this meeting of the Committee is not binding or official in any way.**

Meeting Opened: *16:18*

Present:
- Nic
- Ryan
- Dadams
- Alden
- Gozz

Apologies:
- Tom
- Seamus
- Zahra

Absent:
- Jordan

## President's report
- Attended various meetings for UnCharity
- Slightly involved with the ICPC training camp
- Drafted clubroom application

## Vice Pres's report
- Apologies

## Treasurer's report
- Nothing to report

## Secretary's report
- Apologies

## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)
- Attended a few UnCharity meetings
- Helped with clubroom application

## OCM's report (Dadams)
- Vaguely involved in ICPC training camp
  - Redid website
  - Put up training content
  - Volunteered to take graph theory session

## OCM's report (Zahra)
- Apologies

## IPP report
- Looked into mailing list software options... but then...
  - MailChimp free tier should work for us
- Looked into club management software options
  - Raklet
    - 50% discount for nonprofits to $30 USD/month
  - TidyHQ
    - Australia based
    - Interested in negotiating a deal with UWA Guild
    - Will give us four months free in meantime
    - $79 AUD / month
    - Potentially interested in doing a collab of some kind
  - Admidio
    - Open source, self-hosted
    - No payment support
    - Doesn't look as streamlined as the others

## Events
- ICPC Training Camp
  - 2021-01-19 to 21st
  - We are running the introductory session
  - Tim has asked if we could host the landing page
    - Dadams has an HTML/CSS page ready to go
    - Easy to blat it to markdown and throw up on a static page
  - Nic: Please Dadams, you're my only hope
    - Dadams to take responsibility for club-facing side of event
  - Need to promote to members
    - Gozz: If only we had a working email system
      - See Club Managed Software
- ICPC Regional Qualifier
  - 2021-01-23 (8am to 4pm assuming)
  - Gozz: Do EMP to look good?
  - Will definitely support online access, but we might be able to do in-person
- UnCharity Vigil 2021
  - Fast approaching, a good way to raise money for the club
  - A $5 door fee will be split equally amongst all clubs 
  - Our events need finalizing
    - Gozz's "Why [Select Language] is the Best Programming Language"
    - Non-programming programming competition
      - Functionally a treasure hunt
      - Pay for entry?
      - ACTION: Nic to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
- O-Day (2021-02-19)
  - Worth thinking about early 
  - 10am to 3pm on James Oval
  - ACTION: Ryan to sort out ODay stall application form (2021-01-28)
  - ACTION: Gozz to get costing for UniPrint pop-up banner (we already have base)
  - ACTION: Gozz to get costing for stickers from UniPrint
- AGM
  - Is a thing
  - Have to figure out a time at some point
  - Talk to people about interest in running for Committee
  - ACTION: Nic to make a #general post encouraging people to run for Committee

## General Business
- Google sponsorship (not exciting)
  - No sponsorship for us
  - Good to have a prospectus we can give to other potential sponsors
- Clubroom application
  - Due on 2021-01-10
  - Everyone should read it
- Preparing for newmittee
  - Student Leadership training
  - Handover
    - Github
      - ACTION: Tom to cleanup the github repo before departing
    - Web-site
    - Google Drive
    - Membership folders
    - ACTION: Nic to make handover document exist
- SOC Meetings
  - 2021-01-20
  - 2021-02-17
  - Nic going to both
- 2020 Grants
  - Apparently coming out
  - ACTION: Ryan to check netsuite for grants stuff
- Club Management Software
  - See details in IPP report
  - First priority is getting working emails
  - MailChimp integrates into TidyHQ
  - ACTION: Nic to set up MailChimp acocunt

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Gozz to investigate CMS alternatives
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
  - Delayed to after clubroom allocations
- ACTION: Gozz to write Constitutional changes/regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to get in contact with UCA about busybee
  - Cancelled
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Everyone who has presented this year to make sure that notes are in order for the code camp
  - Done

## Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION: Nic to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
- ACTION: Ryan to sort out ODay stall application form (2021-01-28)
- ACTION: Tom to cleanup the github repo before departing
- ACTION: Nic to make handover document exist
- ACTION: Gozz to get costing for UniPrint pop-up banner (we already have base)
- ACTION: Gozz to get costing for stickers from UniPrint
- ACTION: Ryan to check netsuite for grants stuff
- ACTION: Nic to make a #general post encouraging people to run for Committee

### Long Term

- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Gozz/Nic to find a time to go into the clubroom and plan things
- ACTION: Gozz to write Constitutional changes/regulations
- ACTION: Gozz to write documentation for the site

## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *17:19*

### Digressions: 0
