# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2021-01-29

## Opening

Meeting Opened: *16:08*

Present:

- Tom
- Nic
- Gozz
- Seamus
- Alden
- Dadams
- Ryan (arrived 16:14)

Apologies:

- Zahra (Ongoing)

Absent:

- Jordan

## President's report

- Took intro session for SPPC training camp
  - Provided some of our easy problems, some were used
- Liased with our only ICPC team - they did pretty well
- Attended SOC Meeting
- Attended ICON event planning meeting
- Attended UnCharity Meeting
- Liased with Tenancy, UDS and UPhilSoc regarding clubroom
- 'Designed' the 2021 membership sticker
- Other plates spinning elsewhere

## Vice Pres's report

- Still very busy with work
  - 60h a week

## Treasurer's report

- ODay application
- Attended Tenancy (2021-01-29). 
- Will be attending some of UnCharity and helping with initial float. 

## Secretary's report

- Started working for Arista :poggers:
  - Almost forgot that we had a meeting today again (thanks gcal)
- Will do the nomination form this week

## Fresh Rep's report

No longer fresh, and absent

## OCM's report (Alden)

- Helped format UnProgramming Contest
  - Accidentally tested it too
- Attended UnCharity meeting

## OCM's report (Dadams)

- Helped with the training camp
- Watched some of the teams compete for ICPC
- Enrolled in units for Honours

## OCM's report (Zahra)

Apologies

## IPP report

- PhD and interview stuffs
- Helped Donald deploy the new unigames site using our deployment stack

## Events

- Nic: ICPC Training Camp
  - 2021-01-19 to 2021-01-21 (done by the time of this meeting)
  - Technical aspect was a bit of a headache
  - Attendance was a success (but we didn't have many PCS members :()
    - It was a bad year for member engagement
- Nic: ICPC Regional Qualifier
  - 2021-01-23 (8am to 4pm assuming)
  - We had 1 team, and they did well
    - All first timers
    - Halfway up div 2
- Nic: UnCharity Vigil 2021
  - Tomorrow
  - Will do announcement post after the meeting
  - Content seems like it'll be great
  - Organisation level things:
    - ACTION @Ryan: Set up a float for UnCharity Vigil
    - Budget: $60 (last week)
- Nic: O-Day (2021-02-19)
  - We have a place, just need a pink slip
  - Nic: Motion to budget $200 for O-Day costs
    - Tom seconds
    - 6:0:0 passes unanimously
    - ACTION @Ryan: Prepare a pink slip for O-Day
  - ACTION @Nic: Print the stickers for O-day
- Nic: Club-Carnival (2021-03-02)
  - We haven't had any more details
  - Will need to keep an eye on it for the next few weeks
- Nic: AGM
  - Thinking of bundling fresher welcome with AGM
    - Can bribe people with pizza to make sure we get the people to the AGM
  - Should aim for midday Friday on the first or second week
    - 5th of March -- week 2
  - Should figure out a room to hold enough people
    - Probably CS 1.24
  - ACTION @Nic: Book CS 1.24 for the 5th of March (AGM)
  - ACTION @Tom: Prepare nomination form for AGM

## General Business

- Nic: Handover document
  - Still being worked on
  - Will be released onto the GitHub either today or tomorrow
- Nic: Clubroom usage / nonsense
  - A bunch of clubs have appealed for CH.181, so we have to wait before potentially swapping
    - CH.181 is old Ignite room
    - CH.183 is our old room
    - CH.184 is current Unigames (where we're trying to swap to)
  - Guild exec are deciding _today_
- Tom: DigitalOcean top-up
  - We have to top-up by the end of the month
  - Nic: motion to budget $150AUD (for $100USD) to top up the DigitalOcean account
    - Seamus seconds
    - 6:0:0 passes unanimously
    - ACTION @Nic: Top up the DigitalOcean account

## Previous Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @Nic: to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
  - Ongoing(ish)
  - Will be done tomorrow
- ACTION @Ryan: to sort out ODay stall application form (2021-01-28)
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: to put ACNC things in the handover document
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: to request an extension on appeals
  - Done
- ACTION @Tom: To prepare nomination form for AGM
  - Ongoing
- ACTION @Nic @Alden: Sort out expected value return per question (Uncharity)
  - Done ($1 per question)
- ACTION @Nic: design the 2021 sticker (O-day)
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: Chase Tim up about Regional Qualifiers
  - Done

### Long Term

- ACTION @everyone: work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION @Gozz: write Constitutional changes/regulations
  - Ongoing
  - ACTION @Gozz: Write regulations
- ACTION @Gozz: write documentation for the site
  - Ongoing

## Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @Nic: to take responsibility for non-programming programming competition happening, or killing it and replacing it with something else
- ACTION @Nic: Book CS 1.24 for the 5th of March (AGM)
- ACTION @Nic: Print the stickers for O-day
- ACTION @Nic: Top up the DigitalOcean account
- ACTION @Gozz: Write regulations
- ACTION @Tom: Prepare nomination form for AGM
- ACTION @Ryan: Prepare a pink slip for O-Day
- ACTION @Ryan: Set up a float for UnCharity Vigil

### Long Term

- ACTION @everyone: work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: write documentation for the site
 
## Postmortem

Meeting Closed: *16:48*

### Digressions: 2
- Dadams and Tom talking about offices and such
- Tom and Gozz fight about how many spaces there are in Digital      Ocean
