# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-07-14

## Venue and Time:

- EZONE North Conference Room 103
- 5pm

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 17:01

Present: Alan, Bea, Christian, Heidi, James, Sophie, Trung

Apologies: Gozz (standing apologies)

Absent:

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

- Motion to approve Hackarithms [budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kO_GiOSIcpHOvnRrNshWX5-VEsgv8vch/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=115113499541928716268&rtpof=true&sd=true)
    - Passed unanimously

## Reports

### President's report (Alan)
- Submitted EMP for UoA vs UWA comp and booked room
- Made whenisgood for next sem meetings
- Hackathon stuff

### Vice Pres's report (Bea)
- Hackathon organisation and facilitation

### Treasurer's report (Christian)
- Attended Hackarithms
- Attended Student Leadership Training

### Secretary's report (Hannah)
- Resigned

### Fresh Rep's report (Heidi)
- Attended hackarithms (Sunday)
- Attended Tech Clubs quiz night subcommittee meeting with Sophie

### OCM's report (James)
- Hackarithms

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Attended hackarithms (picked up food for the Friday, brought board games for the Sunday)
- Attended Tech Clubs quiz night subcommittee meeting with Heidi
- Made some marketing materials for UWA vs UoA

### OCM's report (Trung)
- Attended Hackarithms Welcome Session

### IPP report (Gozz)

- Standing apologies

## Training Sessions

## Events

### Hackarithms (2022-07-08 Friday Afternoon to 2022-07-10 Sunday Afternoon)
- 30 signups, but lots of dropouts, ending up with 2 teams submitting
- Retention issue, maybe workshops were too early
- Handover document
    - ACTION @Alan, @Bea, @James: Work on handover (All committee feel free to add/edit)

### UoA vs UWA Competition (2022-07-23)

- EMP and booking done (205)
- Announcement to do
    - ACTION @James: Do UoA vs UWA Competition Discord Announcement
    - Sophie's done a post on instagram

### Welcome Session & OGM (Week 1 or 2?)

- Obtaining quorum for OGM might be challenging

### Cameron Hall Quiz Night (Around mid-sem break?)
- The setup seems to be that the four core clubs for the quiz night are on subcom at the moment, with other involved clubs later being able to put in guest questions/round
    - Question writing: James

### Tech Clubs Quiz Night (After exam break?)
- Date given: 2nd September, Friday of week 6
- Budget?
- Our preferred dates
    - Question writing: Heidi, Bea(if the event is during sem break)

## General Business

### Club Bank Account
- FINALLY DONE!
- Needs moola - dosh
    - Postpone decision to transfer money until we know more details

### Sem 2 Planning Meeting
- ACTION @Alan: Make whenisgood for planning meeting

### Sem 2 Committee Meetings
- ACTION @committee: Fill out whenisgood for committee meetings

### Committee Election
- Since we might not have quorum for full OGM, might do meetings instead
- ACTION @Bea: Make form for interviews/vibe check questions

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Sophie: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
    - Ongoing
- ACTION @Alan: continue domain registration
    - Changing the name to be less ambiguous
- ACTION @Trung @Sophie: Make branded slide templates
    - Ongoing
- ACTION @Christian @exec : Go to Guild Finance to reimburse Sophie and Alan
    - Reimbursed Alan, not Sophie
- ACTION @committee : think about catering options for Hackathon event
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan : make a dev post for Hackathon
    - Done
- ACTION @everyone : network with other clubs who might be interested in assisting with the Hackathon
    - Done
- ACTION @Bea : book rooms for Hackarithms
    - Done
- ACTION @Bea @Alan : look into prizes for Hackarithms
    - Done
- ACTION @James: Talk to Ash (CFC) about getting a discount deal for two days of good grocers
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Submit EMP and book venues for UoA vs UWA
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Talk to Gozz about OGM requirements for election and also check constitution
    - Done
- ACTION @Christian: Check profit/loss for Cameron Hall Quiz Night
    - Done
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Alan for Digital Ocean Top-up
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Pay for digital Ocean Top-up
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION @Sophie: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
- ACTION @Trung @Sophie: Make branded slide templates
- ACTION @Alan, @Bea, @James: Work on handover (All committee feel free to add/edit)
- ACTION @James: Do UoA vs UWA Competition Discord Announcement
- ACTION @Alan: Make whenisgood for planning meeting
- ACTION @committee: Fill out whenisgood for committee meetings
- ACTION @Bea: Make form for interviews/vibe check questions
- ACTION @Christian @Bea : Go to Guild Finance to reimburse Sophie
- ACTION @Alan: call VentraIP to check on domain registration


## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 18:05

## Digressions
