# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-05-20

## Venue and Time:

- Discord
- 5pm

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened:_ 17:04

Present: Alan, Bea, Christian, Hannah, Heidi, James, Trung, Sophie (17:08)

Apologies: Gozz (standing apologies)

Absent:

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

- None to confirm.

## Reports

### President's report (Alan)
- Ran Dynamic Programming
- Went to Wednesday sesh
- Been in contact with companies for Hackarithms
- Submitted EMP for Hackarithms

### Vice Pres's report (Bea)
- Nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Christian)
- Attended both sessions

### Secretary's report (Hannah)
- Looked into rolling bookings, will manually book eZone for dates

### Fresh Rep's report (Heidi)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (James)
- Did announcements
- Ran neural networks session
- Attended training sessions

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Trung)
- Attended Monday training session

### IPP report (Gozz)

- Standing apologies

## Training Sessions

### Dynamic Programing (2022-05-16) (Alan)
- 1 attendee in person, 4 online
- Went well, well paced and timed
- 1 hr long

### General Programming Session (Neural Networks) (2022-05-18) (James)
- Went well, good attendence (given week 11)
- Good engagement 

### Study Session (2022-05-23)

- Alan: Who's planning on coming and who can get snacks?
    - James
    - Sophie has a car and can get snacks

### Games Night (After exams)
- In-person games night 
- Wednesday 22nd June, 4-6pm
- Room: Industry Hub in eZone central
- Activities: 
    - Riddle solving
    - Board games
        - Is a loan from Unigames possible? 
    - Jackbox
    - Repurpose work from Fresher Welcome

## Events

### ANZAC 3 (2022-05-21)
- Alan can attend, Bea backup in case Alan is still sick

### Hackarithms (2022-07-08 Friday Afternoon to 2022-07-10 Sunday Afternoon)

- Company outreach update:
  - Optiver responded with questions about our plans
      - Alan responded in detail
  - Rio Tinto are yet to respond to our update on hackathon plans
  - Servian have responded saying they may be able to sponsor a few hundred, but will need to check with leadership
- Need to organise details of catering
- Given scale of event, we may need to look into interclub collaboration
- EMP was submitted, rooms not booked yet
    - an announcement for general awareness of the event would be a good idea 

## General Business

### Club Bank Account
- Alan is submitting the application, then exec will need to attend branch to open

### SOC Meeting (26-05-2022)
- Alan will attend

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Alan: Sort out MyGuild Exec access
- ACTION @Hannah: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
- ACTION @Sophie: look into shirt designs and prices
- ACTION @Alan: continue domain registration
- ACTION @Hannah: set up rolling booking for meeting 
    - Done
- ACTION @Trung: Make branded slide templates
- ACTION @Alan prepare Dynamic Programming session
    - Done
- ACTION @alan do announcements for ANZAC
    - Done
- ACTION @alan get pizza for ANZAC
- ACTION @James talk to Michael and Larry about running a machine learning session
    - Done
- ACTION @James prepare machine learning session
    - Done
- ACTION @James do session annoucements
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION @Bea talk to Gozz about website tech updates
- ACTION @Christian @exec : Go to Guild Finance
- ACTION: @James make announcement for study 
- ACTION: @Bea send @James info about submitting EMP for games room
- ACTION: @Bea book room for Games Night
- ACTION @Alan or @Bea to get pizza for ANZACs
- ACTION @James : make Hackathon announcement
- ACTION @committee : think about catering options for Hackathon event
- ACTION @committee : think about contingency plans to manage scale of Hackathon event 
- ACTION @Alan : attend SOC meeting







## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 17:53

## Digressions
