# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-03-25

## Venue and Time:

- Discord
- 4pm

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened: 16:02_

Present: Bea, Christian, James, Trung, Alan, Heidi, Hannah, Sophie, Gozz

Apologies:

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions
- None to confirm

## Reports

### President's report (Alan)
- Ran part of Sorting and Searching
- Submitted ERF form
- Went to Westpac but it was closed :(
- Read subcomittee regs

### Vice Pres's report (Bea)
- Prepared the contest for Sorting and Searching
- Created the pods together with Heidi and Trung
- Scheduled a meeting with Servian
- Working on Data Structure slides

### Treasurer's report (Christian)
- Still no word from SOC Treasurer
    - Sent out another email
- Ready to reimburse Alan and Nic once ERF has been processed
- Westpac branch at uni is closed until further 
- Attended both sessions this week
- Read subcommittee regs

### Secretary's report (Hannah)
- Helped Sphie send the ANZAC email
- Contacts from O-day didn't get imported properly
- Added the guidelines for Mailchimp in handover
- Booked the room for ANZAC

### Fresh Rep's report (Heidi)
- Read subcommittee regs
- Sent out training session announcements
- Attended both training sessions
- Created the mentorship pods with Bea and Trung

### OCM's report (James)
- Ran part of sorting and searching session
- Attended both training sessions
- Created and announced Anzac-teams channel
- Read subcomittee regs

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Read the subcommittee regulations
- Sent out the emails for ANZAC

### OCM's report (Trung)
- Created the pods together with Bea and Heidi
- Attended both training sessions
- Read subcomittee regs

### IPP report (Gozz)
- Ran Intro to programming
- Migrated secrets to Bitwarden

## Training Sessions

### Sorting and Searching (2022-03-21) (Alan)
- Could have done more practice (Alan)
- had to rush towards the end (Alan)
- Ended up trying to cover too broad topics (James)

### Intro to Programming: Veni Vidi Vi-C (2022-03-23) (Gozz)
- Went well
- Good attendance

### Interview Practise (2022-03-28)

### Intro to Programming (2022-03-30) (Gozz)

### Data Structures (2022-04-04) (Bea)

### General Programming (2022-04-06)

### Greedy Algorithms (2022-04-04)


### In-Person Training Sessions

- [Alan] When do we want to move back to in-person?
- Moving back to in-person Week 6
- ACTION @Alan: Submit EMP for in-person training sessions

## Events

### ANZAC 1 (2022-03-26)

- Lab 201 booked
- [Alan] Need to organise who's buying pizza
- [Bea] Need to send out an announcement tonight with venue included
- ACTION @Alan: get the pizza for ANZAC
- ACTION @James: make an announcement for ANZAC and include the venue

### CodeJam qualifier (2022-04-02)
- Plan
  - Make an announcement for CodeJam
  - Hang out in channel while contest running
 - ACTION @Heidi: Make an announcement about CodeJam
 - ACTION @Bea: Make a voice and text channel for Codejam

### Charity Vigil (Likely to be weekend at start of study break)
- Dates: 16-17 April or 15-16 April
- Runs from 4 pm to next day 10 am
- James and Alan are reps
- [Alan] Need to motion to approve [subcommittee regs](https://github.com/cameron-hall-icon/subcommittee_regulations/blob/gh-pages/subcommittee_regulations.pdf)
- [Alan] Need to start brainstorming what activities we'll be running
- James: Motion to adopt Subcommittee regs
    - Passes unanimously

## General Business

### Online engagement
- Committee plans to ask questions (planned to seed the committee members to ask the presenters questions in order to make other members more comfortable asking questions)
- Emoji react system
- Practice contest engagement:
  - Encourage members to come along early - help people finish last week's problems
  - Assign points to problems based on difficulty
  - Mention in the session announcement the possibility to come earlier if people want to discuss previous session problems

### Mentorship Pods
- Done
- 5 pods: 5 mentors and 25 mentees

### Club Bank Account
- UWA Westpac branch is closed for the near future
- ACTION @Christian: Go to the Westpack branch in Claremont

### CSSE Display Board
- [Alan] We're allowed to advertise a slide on them if we want

### Proposal for collaboration: UWA engineers club is hosting someone from Google who wants to give a talk
- [Gozz] We run similar events therefore would suggest we do not get engage with this specific event

### We've been contacted to run interview sessions
- [Alan] Received a request to run an interview + resume prep talk/workshop (lots of intern/grad roles are open)
- We can either add a third session in the week or replace the Monday one 
- When: Monday(28-03)
- Potential facilitators: Gozz, Alan, Nic, Anna, Max


## Previous Action Items

- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Bea: Send prospectus to Servian, let them know about imminent new committee, set up meeting with a couple of exec ONGOING
    - Done
- ACTION @everyone: Read ICON Subcommittee Regs
- ACTION @Heidi: Make training session announcements
- ACTION @Bea: Set up contest
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Give everyone admin access
- ACTION @Bea: Run data structures training session
- ACTION @Gozz @Alan: Help Bea prepare for data structures training session
- ACTION @Alan, @James: Run Sorting and Searching Training Session
    - Done
- ACTION @Hannah: Book venue for ANZAC 1
    - Done
- ACTION @James: Set up team discord
    - Done
- ACTION @Sophie: Send ANZAC emails and announcements
    - Done
- ACTION @Hannah: Take Sophie through email process
    - Done
- ACTION @Hannah: ANZAC form for ANZAC 1
    - Done
- ACTION @Hannah: Review 2021 minutes for missed ANZAC things
- ACTION @Alan: Mentor pod announcement
    - Done
- ACTION @Heidi @Trung @Bea: Organise mentor pods
    - Done
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Alan for Digital Ocean
- ACTION @Christian @Alan: Meet with Westpac to discuss club bank acct
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Nic
- ACTION @Alan: Submit ERF
    - Done
- ACTION @Gozz: Migrate secrets to BitWarden
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Sort out MyGuild Exec access
- ACTION @Alan: Keep an eye on SLT for exec to do
- ACTION @Hannah: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
- ACTION @Hannah: Make announcement about mental health research email
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Check with ICON whether we're up to date with subcommittee regs
- ACTION @Alan: Post ICON reg link
    - Done
- ACTION @Bea: Email tenancy about cupboard
- ACTION @Alan: Make whenisgood for online and in person meetings
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION @Alan: Submit EMP for in-person training sessions
- ACTION @Alan: get the pizza for ANZAC
- ACTION @James: make an announcement for ANZAC and include the venue
- ACTION @Heidi: Make an announcement about CodeJam
- ACTION @Bea: Make a voice and text channel for Codejam
- ACTION @Christian: Go to the Westpack branch in Claremont

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:17:50_

### Digressions: 0

