# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-03-18

## Venue and Time:

- EZONE North 103 Video Conference Room
- 4pm

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened: 16:07_

Present: Alan (President), Bea (VP), Christian (Treasurer), Hannah (Secretary), Heidi (Fresher Rep), Sophie (OCM), Trung(OCM), James(OCM), Gozz (IPP)

Apologies: 

Absent: 

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

- None to confirm

## Reports

### President's report (Alan)

- Announced training sessions
- Attended Monday Competetive Programming Session
- Gave committee members drive access
- Organised training contest for Monday's workshop

### Vice Pres's report (Bea)
- Ran Intro to PCS 
- Changed links to references in the website 
- 

### Treasurer's report (Christian)
- Submitted treasurer training
- Went through immediate handover instructions
    - Waiting on ERF submission for netsuite access
- Collected money box and treasurer container
- Attended both sessions this week
- Attended Fresher Welcome and AGM

### Secretary's report (Hannah)
- Gave ID to Alan for committee registration
- Set up HackMD
- Secretary handover with Bea
- Booked room for committee meeting
- Attended Fresher Welcome, AGM and Monday session

### Fresh Rep's report (Heidi)
- Attended both training sessions
- Attended Fresher Welcome and AGM 


### OCM's report (James)
- Attended both training sessions, AGM and Fresher Welcome

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Attended both training sessions, AGM and Fresher Welcome

### OCM's report (Trung)
- Attended both training sessions, AGM and Fresher Welcome

### IPP report (Gozz)
- Ran intro to programming 
- Ran AGM and fresher welcome 
- Can run next Wed Intro to Programming session
- Happy to continue with website action items
- Has future Intro to Programming Content 
    - would like two more sessions at least

## Training Sessions

### Intro to PCS (2022-03-14) (Bea)
- Complete
- Went well
- Good attendance 
- Need to cosider online engagement strategies 

### Intro to Programming: What is a Computer, Anyway? (2022-03-16) (Gozz)
- Went well
- Not as much engagement as in person
- Was strict about having audience input 
    - Got engagement that way, participants seemed more willing to answer questions
- Online engagment discussed


### PLACEHOLDER: Sorting and Searching (2022-03-21) (Alan)
- James will be helping Alan
- Contest:
    - Question bank to borrow from - new problems not neccesary
    - Set up in admin section of site 

### PLACEHOLDER: Intro to Programming: Veni Vidi Vi-C (2022-03-23) (Gozz)

### Data Structures (2022-03-28) (Alan)
- Needs new slides 
- Gozz can't present but very happy to help prepare

### Intro to Programming (2022-03-30) (Gozz)

## Events

### AGM and Fresher Welcome (2022-03-11)
- Technical difficulties at start 
- Positive feedback

### ANZAC 1 (2022-03-26)
- EMPs already submitted, approved
- Can run in person
- No venues booked 
- Provide pizza
- Organise teams
    - Discord channel to find teams
- ANZAC registration
- Estimated 50 person capacity for CS Lab Rooms
- Alan: Motion to budget $120 for pizza for ANZAC 1
    - Passed unanimously 

### CodeJam qualifier (2022-04-02)

- Newmittee may want to do an online hangout while qualifying?
- Options:
    - In person event similar to ANZAC
    - Online in Discord server
    - Nothing
    - Survey?
- Gozz: no substantial value for in person, running an event would be good
    - Don't call it an event, make a channel and post basic info. Invite people to join the channel to hang out while we work 
- Plan
    - Make an announcement for CodeJam
    - Hang out in channel while contest running

## General Business

### Online engagement
- Committee plants to ask questions
- Emoji react system
- Practice contest engagement:
    - Encourage members to come along early - help people finish last week's problems
    - Assign points to problems based on difficulty

### Mentorship Pods

- [Alan] Make last call for mentors/mentees?
- Action a couple people to organise pods
- Bea, Sophie and Trung to organise

### Digital Ocean Cloud Hosting
- Needs topping up
- Hannah: Motion to reimburse Alan $145.10 for Digital Ocean Top Up
    - Passes 7-0-1

### Club Bank Account

- [Alan] Have Pres + VP + Treasurer sign?
- Gozz: Recommends all exec are signatories, require 2 to sign


### Review Handover IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED section
- Gozz: Do it... like right now... in this meeting

### Mental health research email
- Received an email from researchers
- Will make an announcement

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Gozz: Email Tenancy to ask about a cupboard
    - Moved 
- ACTION @Bea: Send prospectus to Servian, let them know about imminent new committee, set up meeting with a couple of exec ONGOING
  - Prospectus sent
  - Meeting to be scheduled

## Action Items

- ACTION @everyone: Read ICON Subcommittee Regs
- ACTION @heidi: Make training session announcements
- ACTION @Bea: Set up contest
- ACTION @Alan: Give everyone admin access
- ACTION @Bea: Run data structures training session
- ACTION @Gozz @Alan: Help Bea prepare for data structures training session
- ACTION @Alan, @James: Run Sorting and Searching Training Session
- ACTION @Hannah: Book venue for ANZAC 1
- ACTION @James: Set up team discord 
- ACTION @Sophie: Send ANZAC emails and announcements 
- ACTION @Hannah: Take Sophie through email process
- ACTION @Hannah: ANZAC form for ANZAC 1
- ACTION @Hannah: Review 2021 minutes for missed ANZAC things
- ACTION @Alan: Mentor pod announcement
- ACTION @Heidi @Trung @Bea: Organise mentor pods
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Alan for Digital Ocean
- ACTION @Christian @Alan: Meet with Westpac to discuss club bank acct
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Nic
- ACTION @Alan: Submit ERF
- ACTION @Gozz: Migrate secrets to BitWarden
- ACTION @Alan: Sort out MyGuild Exec access
- ACTION @Alan: Keep an eye on SLT for exec to do 
- ACTION @Hannah: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
- ACTION @Hannah: Make announcement about mental health research email
- ACTION @Alan: Check with ICON whether we're up to date with subcommittee regs
- ACTION @Alan: Post ICON reg link
- ACTION @Bea: Email tenancy about cupboard
- ACTION @Alan: Make whenisgood for online and in person meetings

## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:_ 17:50 

### Digressions: 0
