# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-04-29

## Venue and Time:

- Discord
- 4pm

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened: 16:01pm_

Present: Alan, Bea, Christian, Heidi, James, Trung, Sophie

Apologies: Gozz (standing apologies)

Absent: Hannah

## Confirmation of Circular Motions

- None to confirm.

## Reports

### President's report (Alan)
- Ran Git session
- Emailed Atlassian to discuss Hackathon idea
- Attended wrap-up Charity Vigil meeting

### Vice Pres's report (Bea)
- Emailed tenancy aout a cupboard

### Treasurer's report (Christian)
- Went to guild finance with Bea and reimbursed Nic and Alan
- Attended Git Good at Git session

### Secretary's report (Hannah)
- Absent

### Fresh Rep's report (Heidi)
- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (James)
- Attended Git Good session
- Messaged James V - He's still down for hashmaps in Graphs
- Attended (final?) Charity Vigil meeting, wrapped things up

### OCM's report (Sophie)
- Did the announcements

### OCM's report (Trung)
- Attended Git Good at Git session

### IPP report (Gozz)
- Standing apologies

## Training Sessions

### Git Good at Git (2022-04-27) (Alan)
- Good turnout
- Good timing
- Attendance dropped during the demo part

### Graphs 1 (2022-05-02) (James & James)
- James(OCM) is preparing 
- James V. will prepare something
- ACTION @Alan: prepare contest for Graphs 1

### Git Gooder at Git (2022-05-04)
- Alan is preparing content
- ACTION @Alan: prepare slides for the Git workshop
- ACTION @Sophie: send out announcements for the sessions

### Graphs 2 (2022-05-09) (Michael)

### Life in the Linux Terminal (2022-05-09) (Gozz)

## Events

### Charity Vigil
- The wrap up meeting happened
- The meeting minutes will be sent to the committee members

### ANZAC 2 (2022-05-07)
- Alan: Motion to budget $100 for pizza
    - Passes unanimously
- ACTION @Heidi: do the announcement on Discord and email for ANZAC
- ACTION @Bea: book the room for ANZAC
- ACTION @Alan: pick up pizza for ANZAC
- ACTION @Bea: send facebook announcement for ANZAC
- Should probably take some photos for promotion (Remember to ask for permission)

### Potential Hackathon (over Semester break)
- Emailed Loren from Atlassian (our sponsorship contact)
- Usually Atlassian gets involved attending networking sessions, running workshops/talks in the lead up to the event, or providing mentors during the event
- Unfortunately they don't have the budget to sponsor prize money, but could potentially send swag to give out
- Potential dates: 09-10 July
- Start 08 July (Friday afternoon)
- Potential collaboration with other tech clubs
- ACTION @James: make a whenisgood for a hackathon meeting

## General Business

### Club Bank Account
- Hannah and Bea need to go to the bank

### Shirts
- No update

### Rubber Ducks
- Hannah has received samples
- More details to be provided in the next meeting

### Potential Rio Tinto Sponsorship
- We have not received any other emails regarding their expression of interest in sponsoring us

### SOC Meeting
- New grant available for events with > 300 people
- Club cocktail night for commitee members, $25 per ticket includes bottomless alcoholic & non-alcoholic drinks, 27th May
- The Guild's public liability insurance no longer covers incorporated clubs, they'll need to notify Guild if they have a major event coming up
- Likely uni will follow state rules in terms of eased restrictions, there will be a meeting next wk to confirm this
- ODay grants should have arrived

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Alan for Digital Ocean
    - Done
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Nic
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Sort out MyGuild Exec access
- ACTION @Hannah: Get marquee/banner off Gozz
- ACTION @Bea: Email tenancy about cupboard
    - Done
- ACTION @Christian: Reimburse Alan for pizza
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: Deposit remaining shirt money
    - Done
- ACTION @Sophie: look into shirt designs and prices
- ACTION @Alan: plan Git session and make slides
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: run Git session
    - Done
- ACTION @Hannah: Ask Gozz if he's available to run Linux session
    - Done
- ACTION @Sophie: make training session announcements
    - Done
- ACTION @James: Run Graphs 1 session
- ACTION @Alan: look into potential for hackathon event
    - Done
- ACTION @Alan: continue domain registration
- ACTION @Hannah: set up rolling booking for meeting room
- ACTION @Bea @Hannah: help Sophie come up with shirt designs
- ACTION @everyone: read sponsorship prospectus for Atlassian discussion
- ACTION @Bea @Hannah : register with Westpac so eligible to be signatories for club account
- ACTION @Hannah: rubber duck materials test

## Action Items
- ACTION @Alan: prepare contest for Graphs 1
- ACTION @Alan: prepare slides for the Git workshop
- ACTION @Sophie: send out announcements for the sessions
- ACTION @Heidi: do the announcement on Discord and email for ANZAC
- ACTION @Bea: book the room for ANZAC
- ACTION @Alan: pick up pizza for ANZAC
- ACTION @Bea: send facebook announcement for ANZAC
- ACTION @James: make a whenisgood for a hackathon meeting


## Postmortem

_Meeting Closed:16:55_

### Digressions:

