# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2021-03-23

## Opening

*Meeting Opened:* 12:12

Present: Gozz, David, Michael, Alan, nic, bea, hannah

Apologies: 

Absent: Ryan (left as didn't want to wait) Stephen (late apologies)

## President's report (Gozz)

- ran intro to programming session
- helped stephen with monday training session
- attended charity vigil meeting
- made forms for anzac and mentorship pods
  - drafted these to make sure people are happy
- touched up newsletter and sent out
- [screams about jobs]

## Vice Pres's report (Ryan) (absent)

- Submitted EMP for Saturday
  - Room booking ongoing.
- Will write graphs intro over the weekend

## Treasurer's report (Alan)

- 'Helped' at Monday's session
- Sent through email for O-Day grant approval
- Petty cash is sitting at home, planning to count and deposit by next week

## Secretary's report (Dadams)

- Booked rooms
- got people working with github
- minutes are a thing
- helping tim with regional things
- room bookings for anzac
- [screams about jobs]

## Fresh Rep's report (Bea)

- posted freher pod 
- attended mondays/wednesdays session


## OCM's report (Michael)

- attend charity vigil subcommittee meeting
- writing a question for the website
- drafted announcement for charity vigil
  - looks good

## OCM's report (Hannah)
- Created Facebook event for ANZAC round #1
- Imported contacts from Club Carnival into Mailchimp (Gozz subsequently corrected them)
- Put together newsletter, which Gozz edited and then sent out on 22-03-2021 
  - delivered to 99 people
  - 45 have opened email
- mentorship pod
  - clicked 19 times

## OCM's report (Stephen)

- absent with late apologies

## IPP report (Nic)

- back from the grave
- in last month of thesis
- will be drafting unprogramming competition
  - to be run in 2 hours not 6


## Events

- ANZAC March 27
  - 10 people signed up so far
  - dominos has been called

- Code Jam
  - is a thing that happening
  - also on same weekend kinda dumb
  - should be spruiked

- Charity Vigil
  - We have received the [minutes](https://github.com/cameron-hall-icon/archive/blob/main/2021/charity_vigil/minutes/2021-03-15.subcommittee.md) of the first subcommittee meeting
  - We also have the [minutes](https://github.com/cameron-hall-icon/archive/blob/main/2021/charity_vigil/minutes/2021-03-22.subcommittee.md) of the second subcommittee meeting
  - The [budget](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UZWqmlJqxbADSEJr5yZtw4kFLcQ7GiDB/view?usp=sharing) has been finished
    - We should have approved this by circular by the time this meeting happens
    - Gozz: Motion to ratify circular approval of Charity Vigil budget
      - passes unanimously
  - dominos things
    - being difficult
    - need to give exact order 24 hours before
    - probably need to go find another place
  - prizes
    - humble game store codes have been used in the past
    - humble book bundle is too specific
    - rgb light bulb
    - ring puzzles
  - ACTION @Gozz: talk to michael about charity vigil prizes
  - activities
    - unprogramming contests
    - debates
    - gozz explains why "language here" is best
    - programming drag races
      - probably don't have the audience
  - ACTION @michael: nag the rest of committee about ideas for charity vigil events

- training sessions
  - intro to programming wed 24th
    - last session of intro to programming
  - competitive programming monday 29th?
    - easter monday and study break
    - Ryan: Intro to graphs
    - ACTION @Ryan: Prepare graph session for 03-29
  - General programming wed 31st
    - ryan is going to outro to programming
    - ACTION @Ryan: prepare outro to programming
  - competitive programming monday 5th
    - stephen preparing segment trees and range queries
    - David suggests string structures
    - ACTION @David: prepare string structures for presentations


## General Business

- extra soc meeting has been called for first of april
  - someone from exec should attend
    - gozz will be attending
  - should be fun
- jane street has reached out
  - rough prospectus has been sent out
  - ACTION: @nic write jane street prospectus
- microsoft student accelerator program
  - corporate student engagement plan
  - ACTION @bea: look at advertising/engagement for Microsoft accelarator program
- we need to have two executive do student leadership training
  - ACTION @Gozz: Organize student leadership training

## Previous Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @everyone: Plan training sessions https://hackmd.io/@XhFTymfaRICfO5JhAMY0sA/B1N3MWUm_/edit
  - ongoing
- ACTION @Gozz: Give Hannah Facebook admin access
  - done
- ACTION @Gozz: Make registration form for ANZAC
  - done
- ACTION @Ryan: Submit EMPs as necessary for now
  - done
- ACTION @Ryan: Do EMP for ANZAC
  - done
- ACTION @Ryan: Prepare graph session for 03-29
  - ongoing
- ACTION @Alan: Deposit excess petty cash
  - ongoing
- ACTION @Dadams: Find a better room for meetings
  - done
- ACTION @Dadams: Give everyone access to the things
  - done
- ACTION @Dadams: Book room for ANZAC
  - ongoing
- ACTION @Bea: Work with Gozz and Hannah to do Fresher Pod things
  - done
- ACTION @Hannah: Make Facebook event for ANZAC
  - done
- ACTION @Hannah: Look into MailChimp stuff
  - done
- ACTION @Stephen: Prepare session on segment trees
  - ongoing

### Long Term

- ACTION @everyone: work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: write documentation for the site

## Action Items

### Short Term

 - ACTION @Gozz: talk to michael about charity vigil prizes
 - ACTION @michael: nag the rest of committee about ideas for charity vigil events
 - ACTION @Ryan: prepare outro to programming
 - ACTION @David: prepare string structures for presentations
 - ACTION: @nic write jane street prospectus
 - ACTION @bea: look at advertising/engagement for Microsoft accelarator program
 - ACTION @gozz: do emp's for upcoming training sessions
 - ACTION @bea: work with gozz to do fresher pod allocations


### Long Term

- ACTION @gozz: organize student leadership training

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed:* 1:15

###  Digressions: 1
