# UWA PCS Annual General Meeting 2020-03-05

## Opening

Meeting Opened: **

Present:

## President's report - Nicholas Pritchard

- Pre-COVID attendance was record breaking
- Proud of the 2020 committee to adapting to digital presentations and the post-covid world
  - It is impressive we are able to have a physical AGM this year
- We ran more PCS-original questions than ever before
- Still managed to engage new members over the course of the year
- Engaged in two tenancy reallocations
- Inter-club events have been more successful than ever before
- It has truly been an unprecedented year!

## Vice Pres's report - Seamus Mullholland-Patterson

## Treasurer's report - Ryan Bunney

- Financially we are in doing better than this time last year, whilst receiving no additional sponsorship:
  - Bank Balance (Start of 2020): $2,369.63
  - Bank Balance (Start of 2021): $2,312.99 (-$56.64 from 2020).
  - Petty Cash (Start of 2020): $1391.80
  - Petty Cash (start of 2021): $1855.54 (+ $463.74)
    - Finance repository has list of separate quantities of petty cash.  
  - **Total**: $4168.53 (+$588.6)
- Total Grants (2020): $645.67 (-$258.01 from 2019)
  - Grants awarded for O’day + Semester 2 SOC
  - We didn't apply for Semester 1 SOC grant, hence the difference.
- Investigated the use of PCS merchandising for additional income streams
  - Definitely promising avenue for increasing revenue and demonstrating membership to club
  - Was interrupted by life (and PhD).
  - Definitely not grey shirts next time.

## Secretary's Report - Tom Almeida

- Much thanks to the 2020 committee for adapting well to digital meetings
- Total of: 6137 lines, 33657 words, 195256 characters
- Appreciative of the hard work put in by the rest of committee during my most busy year
  - Especially Nic
- Best of luck to the incoming committee!

## Fresh Rep's report - Jordan

## OCM Report - Zahra Ussi

## OCM Report - Alden Bong

- We tried out a new weekly programming problem format, Friday Challenge.
  - Seems like a good format for consistently writing programming problems.
- Hopefully we will have more  programming problems this year
  - Potentially by getting the help of more problem writers.

- We also tried out a new sub-event to run at inter-club events: UnProgramming Contest.
  - We try capture the essence of a programming contest without requiring programming experience or a computer.
  - Seems to get good engagement

## OCM Report - David Adams

## IPP Report - Andrew Gozzard

## Proposed Consitutional Amendments

## Elections

- Suspend standing orders

### President

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Fresher Representative

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Vice President

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Treasurer

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Secretary

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Ordinary Committee Members

- Nominations
- Speeches
- Questions

### Reinstate standing orders
  
## General Business

- Gozz: Nomination of Max Ward as life member

## Postmortem

Meeting closed: **

### Digressions: 0
