# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2021-11-24

## Venue and Time:
- Ezone Central
- 6pm 


## Opening: 

*Meeting Opened: 18:09* 

Present: Ryan, Alan, Bea, James, Christian, Hannah, Gozz

Apologies: 

Absent: Nic, Michael



## Reports

### President's report (Gozz)
- SPCPA AGM is happening on -2021-12-13
    - If anyone wants to be involved in the committee, talk to Gozz

### Vice Pres's report (Ryan)
- created the whenisgood
- updated t-shirts form 
- we can create and manage events on Discord

### Treasurer's report (Alan)
- Updated quiz night budget with extra refund fees ~$3
- Will chase up CFC and make sure we get our money

### Secretary's report (Bea)
- Posted the form for t-shirts
    - Will order 15 t-shirts (up to A$400)
- working on the prospectus

### Fresh Rep's report (Christian)
- made an 'archived channels category' on Discord

### OCM's report (Michael)
- Filled T-Shirt form. Question: Do we know what the T-Shirt sizes are?
- CFC first project day is on Saturday.
- CFC has online project-meetings (with volunteers) on Wednesdays 6:00pm (Therefore I have made a whenisgood for people's availability for a new meeting time)
- Sent SOC Treasurer question regarding enviro grants: Would a hackathon styled event be elligible? what sort of grant size are we looking at? (sent from PCS email).
- Confirmed that Quiz night money is in CFC bank account.

### OCM's report (Hannah)
- helped running quiz night (from last meeting)

### OCM's report (James)
- have been working with Django CMS

### IPP report (Nic)
- Absent


## Training Sessions

## Events


## General Business


### Consider alternative Discord announcement structure for major/minor/reminders
- Option 1: Discord event manager
- Option 2: Assign roles to people
- Option 3: Facebook events

### Events for summer break
- Game jams, hackathons
- Social nights
- Michael: We could do some low-effort _online_ games nights.
- ACTION @Gozz: host an online games night Monday 2021-12-06 18:00
- Michael: If we want to do a hackathon/similar "large"-scale event, can we decide a day+time?
- ACTION @Ryan: come up with a theme for a hackathon
- ACTION @Alan: work with Ryan regarding the hackathon

### Prospectus
- Michael: Are there any updates on this? We could try and find corporate sponsorship for the hackathon. 
- Michael: Happy to help Bea with prospectus.


## Previous Action Items
- ACTION @Ryan: create a whenisgoodfor summer activities
    - Done
- ACTION @Ryan: organise the Discord events
    - Done

## Action Items
- ACTION @Gozz: host an online games night Monday 2021-12-06 18:00
- ACTION @Gozz: Talk to Guild Finance about Bea
- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Ryan: create an event for the games night
- ACTION @Ryan: come up with a theme for a hackathon
- ACTION @Alan: work with Ryan regarding the hackathon
- ACTION @committee: fill out the shirt form
- ACTION @committee: fill out the whenisgoods

## Postmortem

*Meeting Closed: 19:04*

###  Digressions



