# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2021-09-01

## Venue and Time:
- Ezone Central
- 6pm 

## Opening: 

*Meeting Opened: 18:07*

Present: Gozz, Ryan, Michael, Hannah, Bea, Dadams, Alan

Apologies: Stephen, Nic

Absent:

## Reports

### President's report (Gozz)

- Ran DP training session
- Got pizza for ANZAC
- Ran git traning session
- Made a form for committee position expressions of interest

### Vice Pres's report (Ryan)

- Nothing to report

### Treasurer's report (Alan)

- Attended DP session
- Participated at ANZAC
- Almost finished Network Flow slides
- Will post announcement for session later today
- Working on chasing up grant money

### Secretary's report (David)

- New minutes structure is helping 
- Have not had time to work on prospectus this week
- Really wanted to go to ANZAC but 2 gigs mean no

### Fresh Rep's report (Bea)

- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Michael)

- Attended ANZAC

### OCM's report (Hannah)

- Nothing to report

### OCM's report (Stephen)

- Apologies

### IPP report (Nic)

- Absent

### 2021-08-26: Dynamic Programming (Gozz)

- Went well
- Thanks Alan for helping set up gym at short notice
  - Looks like only three people have done it though :/

### 2021-09-02: Network Flow (Alan)

- Is ready

### 2021-09-07: STUDY BREAK
### 2021-09-09: STUDY BREAK
### 2021-09-14: Doomed Editors (Dadams, Tim, Michael)
### 2021-09-16: Network Flow 2 (Alan)
### 2021-09-21: Outro to Programming (Ryan)
### 2021-09-23: Computational Geometry (Gozz)


## Events
### Social Event Placeholder
### Tech Club Quiz Night

- Still in brainstorm phase mostly
- Plan is to hold after exams at the Tav, otherwise Wk 9-10 if we sort things out sooner

### ANZAC 5: 2021-08-28

- Gozz: Got pizza (we actually forgot to budget this ahead of time)
- Ryan Motions to reinburse $42.00 for purchasing pizza
  - Passes 6:0:1

### ANZAC 6: 2021-09-11

- Gozz motions to budget $100 for the purchase of pizza for ANZAC 6:
  - Passes unanimously 
- ACTION @Gozz: Get pizza for ANZAC 6

### Next SOC meeting 2021-09-22

## General Business

- PCS new committee form was good

## Previous Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @Gozz: Actually prepare slides for Git for once
  - Done (ish)
  - Decided that referenced materials were better than any slides I could make
- ACTION @Alan: Prepare network flow slides
  - Ongoing
- ACTION @Gozz: Prepare gym for DP for 2021-08-26
  - Done with much help from Alan
- ACTION @Dadams: Organise editors talk
  - Ongoing
- ACTION @Gozz: Pizza for ANZAC 5
  - Done
- ACTION @Gozz: Talk to people about future committee positions
  - Ongoing

### Long Term

- ACTION @everyone: Work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: Write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: Write documentation for the site
- ACTION @everyone: Look at previous handover document and think about what to add for next year

## Action Items

### Short Term

- ACTION @Gozz: Get pizza for ANZAC 6
- ACTION @Alan: Prepare network flow slides
- ACTION @Dadams: Organise editors talk
- ACTION @Gozz: Talk to people about future committee positions

### Long Term

- ACTION @everyone: Work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: Write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: Write documentation for the site
- ACTION @everyone: Look at previous handover document and think about what to add for next year

## Postmortem

*Meeting Closed: 19:03*

###  Digressions: 5

- Guild is coming....
- PHD sadness
- quizz night plans 
- prepare for TEC
- it be cold down south

