# UWA PCS Committee Meeting 2022-03-03

## Venue and Time:
- Online (Discord)
- 6:30pm 


## Opening: 

*Meeting Opened: 18:37* 

Present: Gozz, Alan, Bea, Christian, Hannah

Apologies: Michael, Ryan 

Absent: James, Nic


## Circular Motions
- Gozz: Circular motion to (retroactively) approve the budget of up to $200 to pay for ODay stall. (Should theoretically be $165+GST)
    - Ratified

## Reports

### President's report (Gozz)
- Did many ODay things
- Did lecture bashing on CITS2200
- Contacted MATH3002 unit coordinator
- Put out a survey about popular session times
- Wrote 1600 words of theory about clubs

### Vice Pres's report (Ryan)
- Nothing to report. 

### Treasurer's report (Alan)
- Submitted O-day grant application
- Bashed CITS1001
- Expressed interest in mentoring a pod

### Secretary's report (Bea)
- Attended O-day
- Emailed unit coordinators for CITS3002, CITS3403, CITS3003

### Fresh Rep's report (Christian)
- Attended O-day
- Announced/emailed about mentorship pods

### OCM's report (Michael)
- Apologies

### OCM's report (Hannah)
- Attended O-day

### OCM's report (James)
- Absent

### IPP report (Nic)
- Absent

## Training Sessions
- Alan poposes having an 'Intro to strings' session 
- Will be held online
- Most suitable times according to the survey so far are Monday 16:00 for Algorithms and Wednesday 16:30 for Intro Prog

### PLACEHOLDER: Intro to PCS (2022-03-14) (Bea)
- 16:00 - 17:30

### PLACEHOLDER: Intro to Programming: What is a Computer, Anyway? (2022-03-16) (Gozz)
- 16:30 - 18:00

### PLACEHOLDER: Sorting and Searching (2022-03-21) (Alan)
- 16:00 - 17:30

### PLACEHOLDER: Intro to Programming: Veni Vidi Vi-C (2022-03-23) (Gozz)
- 16:30 - 18:00

## Events

### O-Day (2022-02-25)
- [Ryan] O-Day finances
    - Alan has already submitted ODay grant
- Gozz: Huge thanks to everyone who helped out and made ODay successful

### AGM and Fresher Welcome (2022-03-11)
- Should be done online for best social distancing
- Guild has (seemingly erroneously) cancelled our event due to (incorrect?) capacity restrictions
- Consensus that we do AGM and Fresher Welcome on Discord
- ACTION @Gozz: Find RO and figure out membership validation and voting system for AGM
- ACTION @Bea @Hannah: Investigate options for quiz or other icebreaker for Fresher Welcome

## General Business

### Finalise reimbursements 
- Alan (1x Pizza)
    - Gozz: Motion to reimburse Alan $34.98 for pizza for Projects and Procrastination day
        - Passes 4:0:1

### Email tenancy to ask for a spare cupboard
- [Ryan] This is a newmittee problem.
    - No reason we can't start the ball rolling, our term doesn't end before the AGM
- ACTION @Gozz: Email Tenancy to ask about a cupboard

### Servian Perth reached out about sponsorship
- Consensus that we are interested in talking to them
- ACTION @Bea: Send prospectus to Servian, let them know about imminent new committee, set up meeting with a couple of exec

### Discord Welcome Setup
- Gozz made a link to the wrong place
- ACTION @Hannah: Write welcome blurb for #rules channel (which may be renamed)

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION @Gozz: Website tech updates
- ACTION @Alan: Prepare training sessions list for 2022
- ACTION @Nic: Pick up the pizza (Gozz is a backup) for AGM and Fresher Welcome
    - Cancelled (Discord doesn't carry pizza)
- ACTION @Bea: send notice for AGM and Fresher Welcome
    - Discord Done
    - Email ongoing
- ACTION @Gozz: Prepare content for Fresher Welcome
- ACTION @Bea: Email unit coordinators (but not CITS2200) to arrange getting the info out to students
    - Done
- ACTION @Ryan: Create EMP/whenisgood template/handover for training sessions
    - Unnecessary now SLT exists.
    - SLT doesn't cover session surveys or our EMP templates
- ACTION @Ryan: Prepare nomination/attendance form for the AGM
    - Done
- ACTION @Gozz: prepare a survey form to find suitable session times 
    - Done
- ACTION @Bea: prepare agenda for AGM
    - Done by Gozz
- ACTION @Alan: contact CITS1001 unit coordinator for promoting PCS 
    - Done
- ACTION @Gozz: contact MATH3002 unit coordinator for promoting PCS
    - Done

## Action Items

- ACTION @Gozz: Email Tenancy to ask about a cupboard
- ACTION @Bea: Send prospectus to Servian, let them know about imminent new committee, set up meeting with a couple of exec
- ACTION @Gozz: Find RO and figure out membership validation and voting system for AGM
- ACTION @Bea @Hannah: Investigate options for quiz or other icebreaker for Fresher Welcome
- ACTION @Hannah: Write welcome blurb for #rules channel (which may be renamed)

## Postmortem

*Meeting Closed: 20:04*

### Digressions: 1
- Fish esky